112. Full closures of the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
7. Human rights violations against women
216. Security Council - Ad Hoc Commission established under Security Council resolution 794 (1992)
23. The Expert Meeting discussed to what extent the results of the Uruguay Round contributed to facilitating the trade of developing countries, and whether governments were more constrained in the choice of their diversification policies.
30. Donations-in-kind valued by donors and accepted by the Executive Director at $51,641,000 were delivered by UNICEF to projects during the biennium 1996–1997.
82. Despite the difficulties, the Registry Unit responsible for witness and victim support enjoyed unprecedented success. In July 1997, the Victims and Witnesses Support Unit was made a section as part of the internal reorganization of the Registry, in recognition of the importance of its activities and the need to enhance the effectiveness of its operations.
Outputs in a particular period may be of a non-recurrent nature and not meant to be repeated in the next budget period.
This approach not only saves the cost of new procurement, it also results in significant time savings versus the conventional United Nations procurement cycle.
Sub—Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities
6. Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session on the implementation of the present resolution.
Member States should develop within the criminal justice system, where appropriate, capacities for assisting drug abusers with education, treatment and rehabilitation services.
4 See the following presidential statements and notes of the President of the Security Council (listed here in chronological order):
As a result of the critical security situation, it became necessary to evacuate all internationally recruited staff from Kivu.
(e) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the United Nations Voluntary Trust Fund on Contemporary Forms of Slavery; A/53/339.
In cooperation with women’s non-governmental organizations, the commission produced a national action plan.
The most important instruments enshrining this principle include the Charter of the United Nations and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights:
29. The Economic and Social Council, in its resolution 1997/61, stressed the need to promote further integrated and coordinated implementation and follow-up of the major international conferences in the social, economic and related fields, and convened a resumed session from 13 to 15 May 1998 to consider this question.
The outstanding balance of $49.4 million includes an amount of $36 million transferred to a special account in accordance with General Assembly resolution 36/116 A of 10 December 1981.
(b) Will the discussion on the questionnaire lead to the deletion of the issue of the definition and delimitation of outer space from the agenda of the Committee?
13. Addressing mine action in a complementary and coordinated manner, both at the field and headquarters level, requires that appropriate attention be given to issues of national ownership, sustainability and capacity-building.
The new procedures will be strictly monitored and enforced.”
4. As indicated in the budget report (A/52/771/Add.1 and Add.1/Corr.1, para. 20), the financial statements of UNDOF for the period from 1 December 1994 to 30 November 1995 show that there is a surplus balance of $2,742,000, comprising interest income ($1,671,000), miscellaneous income ($28,000) and unutilized prior obligations ($1,043,000).
To review and adopt the provisional agenda for meetings of the Ministerial Conference;
It also monitors implementation across the Secretariat to assist managers and help to ensure fair and consistent application of the system.
It approves of the main recommendations, particularly the one contained in paragraph 80 (k) concerning the convening of an international conference on the illicit arms trade in all its aspects.
Statement I includes various categories of income received and the total for the expenditures incurred during the financial period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997.
Databases 5. In its consideration of the report of the Secretary-General submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-first session (A/C.5/51/2), the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions noted the key role of the Integrated Management Information System (IMIS), biannual submissions by programme managers at overseas duty stations of comprehensive reports on their use of retirees, and close cooperation with the Pension Fund, as mechanisms to make possible better monitoring and control of the employment of retirees.
Algeria, Bangladesh, Cape Verde, China, Colombia, Cuba, Djibouti, Guyana, The delegation of Guyana subsequently stated that it had intended to vote in favour of the draft decision, and not against it. India, Jordan, Lebanon, Mozambique, Pakistan, Saint Lucia, Sri Lanka, Togo, Tunisia, Viet Nam.
Turkmenistan rejects that principle, just as it also rejected the condominium concept which formerly prevailed.
The Committee called on all senior managers in the United Nations system to give high priority to gender mainstreaming, and, in this regard, to cooperate with, and seek the guidance of, the Special Adviser on Gender Issues and Advancement of Women.
39. The Chairman, in summing up the deliberations, expressed his appreciation to all delegations that had participated therein and said that the matter would be taken up by the Sixth Committee.
D. Future orientation of international support measures
“The Headquarters Committee on Contracts should not consider letters of assist on an ex post facto basis; the Administration should clearly define the circumstances in which non-letters of assist claims can be accepted (para. 79)”.
II. Statement by the Under-Secretary-General for Communications and Public Information at the opening of the twentieth session of the Committee on Information A/53/21
Dimitri B. Volfberg (Russian Federation)
“8. Calls upon States parties to the Convention urgently to settle any arrears and pay their contributions in full and in a timely manner so as to ensure continuity in the cash flows required to finance ongoing work of the Conference of the Parties, the subsidiary bodies and the Convention secretariat;
The General Assembly decides to defer consideration of the question of the Guidelines for Internal Control Standards pending a report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions thereon.
According to the terms of reference, the object of the first phase of the study is to survey and evaluate institutions and networks that might become units of a worldwide network on which the Committee on Science and Technology could draw.
Yet humanitarian organizations have been denied access to people in need and deliberate attacks on civilian populations have continued.
Noting that decision 51/408 also called for the Secretary-General to produce a first report on the use of retired personnel covering the period from 1 January 1995 to 31 December 1997, OIOS decided to focus the audit on the employment of such personnel during this three-year period and a sample of 165 recruitment cases were reviewed in detail.
53. The fate of women has not been ignored.
The annual reports questionnaire and Form D (providing annual information on substances frequently used in the illicit manufacture of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances) should be used and made more specific for such purposes (see paragraphs 18, 30 and 31 above).
“The United Nations system consortium, which was initiated by the Department and established in 1997 for the purpose of sharing costs of and access to electronic sources of information throughout the United Nations system of organizations and securing volume-drive reductions in subscription rates, will be maintained and expanded.”
Once the decentralized system of reporting financial needs is established, according to guidelines provided by the GM, it will be relatively simple for the GM to maintain the aggregate inventory and provide information on financing needs under the CCD.
169. On 6 February, it was reported that the Hebron Brigade Commander, Colonel Yigal Sharon, had sentenced two soldiers to a week in prison for “unbecoming behaviour”.
149. In some cases there is a lack of financial resources and, as pointed out by the shipping industry, a lack of political will on the part of some coastal States concerned,12 to combat piracy and armed robbery in their territorial sea.
The authorities must remain on the watch to prevent the recurrence of such traumatic incidents, which are sources of division and hate between communities.
7 Ibid., Fiftieth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/50/40), vol. I, sect. VII and annex V, pp. 124-130.
Trust Fund for the United Nations Commission on International Trade 161.9 219.0 Law Symposia 220.0
Judge Khan also expressed the view that he had no competence with respect to the individuals in the second group, since they fell within the competence of the previous confirming judge; he also maintained that such an indictment could have been issued in respect of the third group, had it not been for the Prosecutor’s insistence on maintaining the indictment as it stood – hence the Judge’s refusal to consider the substantive aspects of the charges against that group.
In the case of a violation of such measures, the inspectors would prepare a report of the inspection, copies of which would be forwarded to the flag State and to the ICCAT secretariat.
In calculating the period between the dates of separation and re-entry into participation under article 21 (a) no recognition shall be given to any intervening non-contributory service even if subsequently validated under article 23.
Five years after the call by the World Conference for its speedy completion and adoption (Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, sect. II, para. 94), the draft declaration on the right and responsibility of individuals, groups and organs of society to promote and protect universally recognized human rights and fundamental freedoms has been submitted for final adoption by the General Assembly.
Some countries have adopted comprehensive plans of action for human rights education and established national committees to coordinate activities in this area.
Decides to adopt the rules of procedure attached, with the exception of the phrase "in the regions referred to in the implementation annexes of the Convention" in paragraph 1 of rule 22, the phrase "in the regions referred to in the implementation annexes of the Convention" in rule 31, as well as paragraph 1 of rule 47,
153. Qatar indicated that it had implemented several measures intended to protect and preserve fisheries resources and the marine environment. Among those measures aimed at reducing by-catch was the prohibition of nylon fishing nets, the establishment of legal limits for mesh size, and other specifications for nets used in fishing operations.
As stated in rule 209.2 of the Financial Rules of the Fund, the purpose of the financial reserve is to guarantee the financial liquidity and integrity of the Fund, to compensate for uneven cash flows and to meet such other similar requirements as may be decided upon by the Governing Council.
2. If the number of candidates obtaining such majority is less than the number of persons or delegations to be elected, there shall be additional ballots to fill the remaining places, the voting being restricted to the candidates obtaining the greatest number of votes in the previous ballot, to a number not more than twice the places remaining to be filled, provided that, after the third inconclusive ballot, votes may be cast for any eligible person or delegation.
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL
Amount in millions of United States dollars
When such documents are submitted during a meeting and are required urgently, advance versions marked “Provisional” are translated and reproduced immediately by special arrangements and distributed to participants only.
50. Achievements at the national level also include the creation of institutions set up specifically for the protection of children, such as ombudspersons for children; civil liberties commissions for the rights of the child; national programmes on the rights of the child, as well as child welfare societies; and the establishment of municipal youth councils.
25. The recent celebrated trials of the Mayor of Tehran, Gholam Hossein Karbaschi, and his colleagues touched off an intense public debate about the conduct of trials and, particularly, the appropriate role of judges.
It is additionally noted that the persistence of certain harmful traditional practices and customs has had a negative bearing on the enjoyment of the rights guaranteed under the Convention.
239. The Committee notes the establishment of a women’s development fund. The Committee requests that detailed information on the mandates, budget and projects of the fund be included in the next report.
These facts vividly illustrate the universal movement towards greater citizen action, sometimes described as the “global associational revolution”, which has characterized the past few years.
6. The United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) continues to provide support to States parties at all stages of the implementation and reporting process.
Tobago Twelfth report 3 November 1996 2
and Add.1 for the organization of work.
G. Building local capacities for advocacy
Significant improvements in programme delivery should result from the timelier availability of management information and speedier transaction processing.
(a) Report of the Secretary-General (A/52/313)
20. The Commission noted the concerns expressed by the organizations and was sensitive to those concerns.
51. However, the major feature of UNFPA’s inter-agency cooperation in communication for development rests in a unique set-up of multidisciplinary country support teams and specialized support services.
19. Experiences of East Asian countries show the powerful synergy between economic growth and social sector investment, as well as the need to achieve balance between growth objectives and social development with respect to resource allocation.
While numerous peak tariffs were substantially reduced during the Round, this was not a general pattern.
The authorizing officer’s procurement plan should be submitted to the project manager at least one month prior to the field’s first proposed procurement action.
In this way, it covers everything which may be of economic value or be the subject of an act of production or exchange.
The total expenditure for the reporting period amounted to $5,852,000, resulting in the unutilized balance of $750,400.
A. Country rapporteurs for reports considered by the
In addition to these general requirements, portable tanks shall conform to the design, construction, inspection and testing requirements detailed in 6.6.2.
The Secretary-General wishes to express his gratitude to the Governments of India, Japan, Myanmar, Nepal, Norway, the Philippines, the Republic of Korea and Thailand, as well as to Rissho Kosei-Kai, a Japanese non-governmental organization, for their contributions, and to the Government of Nepal for its overall support of the Centre.
Recalled decision 10/CP.2 of the second session of the COP, in particular the request to the Convention secretariat, in accordance with Article 8.2(c) of the Convention, to facilitate assistance to Parties, particularly developing country Parties, in the preparation of their initial communications, through the organization of workshops at the regional level; to provide a forum for the exchange of experiences in the development of emission factors and activity data for the estimation of the inventory, as well as, on request, for other elements of information in the initial communication; and to provide a report to the SBI and the SBSTA at each of their sessions.
5. Parties may make new nominations or withdraw previous nominations to the roster at any time by so notifying the permanent secretariat through diplomatic channels.
(h) United Nations/China workshop on applications of space technology in sustainable agricultural development, to be held in China.
Reaffirming its commitment to promoting international cooperation, as set forth in the Charter of the United Nations, in particular paragraph 3 of Article 1, as well as relevant provisions of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993 A/CONF.157/24 (Part I), chap. III. for enhancing genuine cooperation among Member States in the field of human rights,
∙ Urban Management Programme Regional Office for Africa
46. The Board recommends that the Administration establish and maintain global statistics on procurement and that it closely monitor the actual costs, notwithstanding the standard cost manual for guidance on prices, to ensure that informed decisions can be made on goods and services procured.
As of April 1998, 15 bilateral donors have made contributions or pledges to the World Bank HIPC Trust Fund of more than $200 million.
Likewise, SEBRAE of Brazil, a partially publicly-funded but privately-run institution, has also been able to raise funds from employers and users.
The suggestion was made to replace the draft ancillary offences with the text of article 2 (3) of the Terrorist Bombings Convention.
The Committee notes in particular the persistence of political attitudes that are intolerant of dissent or criticism and adverse to the promotion and full protection of human rights, the lack of legislative limits on the powers of the executive, and the growing concentration of powers, including legislative powers, in the hands of the executive, without judicial control.
55. The Committee recommended approval of the proposed revisions to programme 1, Political affairs, of the medium-term plan for the period 1998-2001, subject to the following modifications:
Additional provision is made in the amount of $8,700 as follows: for the original 12 team sites, an additional amount of $60 per site per month, taking into account the amount of $30 per site per month already approved ($4,300); for UNMOT headquarters, an additional amount of $200 per month ($1,200); for six new sites mentioned in paragraph 20 above, an additional amount of $90 per month ($3,200).
This separation, initiated by the Bureau at COP 1, was originally inspired by the perception that access by NGOs to delegations during meetings could be abused.
There have also been some revisions in methodologies for CH4 and N2O compared to the communication.
The proclaimed aspiration of Albania to become part of Europe’s democratic milieu is in sharp contrast to its support for separatism, establishment of boot camps for terrorists and their infiltration into the territory of another State; it was hoped that such a form of State activity was an anachronism in Europe. A/53/515
273. The Committee notes with satisfaction the combined second and third periodic reports of Indonesia, which are frank, detailed and demonstrate a desire to move the women's agenda forward.
(c) Proposed revisions to the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation;
Denmark seeks compensation in the amount of 266,151 Danish krone (“DKr”) for rent that it prepaid for its embassy premises in Kuwait City during the period of the occupation.
The reserve has remained unchanged since 1989;
conducted by the Governments of India and Pakistan, issued
103. To avoid excessive delays in judicial proceedings, which foster a perception of impunity on the part of the population, the Mission believes it is necessary to promote administrative and legal initiatives to avoid lengthy appeals processes which are without merit, as in the case of applications for amparo with respect to judicial decisions, and to provide for appropriate sanctions against those who file appeals in a manner which distorts their purpose.
By the year 2015, half the developing world's population will live in urban areas.
It was decided at the session to institutionalize the African Ministerial Conference on the Environment.
Three scholarships were financed for the master of arts programme in law at Bir Zeit University in the West Bank.
The cover obtained by the United Nations Security Coordinator for malicious acts committed at hardship duty stations is another effective example of one policy encompassing various organizations within the common system.
It organized media seminars for the Asian and European regions, at New Delhi and Prague, respectively, under the theme “Prospects for Peace”.
Report of the Fifth Committee (Part III)
The President so designated shall not at the same time exercise the rights of a representative of a Party.
In its decision 10/12, taken at its tenth session, the INCD recommended that the COP adopt a decision on this subject, contained in ICCD/COP(1)/8.
This market has traditionally been dominated largely by European and United States companies, which have a significant presence in developing countries and dominate the markets in most.
General and complete disarmament: small arms
(a) Appointment of the members of the Credentials Committee;
In addition, a reduction factor of 25 per cent has been applied to compensate for vehicles that are out of service for repairs and the drawdown of personnel.
22. Such participation will be ensured by directly or indirectly choosing representatives, by taking the initiative in introducing legislation or appealing against it before the courts, but also by helping to resolve potential problems within society through a general election or referendum.
. At its meeting at Abudja in September 1996, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), a UNDCP partner, decided to convene a ministerial meeting on drug trafficking and abuse, particularly their impact on youth and criminality, to be held in Cape Verde in early 1997.
The Committee resumed its general discussion of this agenda item and heard statements by the representatives of Belgium (on behalf of the European Union and also on behalf of Bulgaria, Estonia, Hungary, Lithuania, Poland, the Czech Republic, Romania, Slovakia, Cyprus and Norway), China, the Bahamas, Kenya, the Syrian Arab Republic, Indonesia, the Russian Federation, Pakistan and Kuwait.
The Advisory Committee points out, however, that the performance report does not contain information on savings under these budget lines resulting from self-sustainment of military personnel.
22. In 1991, the Governing Council (now the Executive Board) approved the establishment of a reserve for field accommodation that was to be used to finance the UNFPA share of construction costs of common premises.
Success in meeting the objectives of the CCD will also require development of appropriate technologies to solve land management problems, enhance food security and sustainable livelihoods.
K. Documents and publications relating to the work of the Committee . 24–29 4
4. Many delegations drew attention in their statements to the environmental and development benefits likely to derive from trade liberalization.
Those subsidiary organs that wish to meet during a regular session of the Assembly submit their requests through the Committee on Conferences.
Report of the Secretary-General on the revised estimates in respect of matters of which the Security Council is seized (A/C.5/52/24 and A/52/7/Add.6)
114. The Committee requests that the Government of Croatia include more detailed information on the implementation of the provisions of article 6 of the Convention in future reports.
51. Despite the withdrawal of international staff, the Office of the United Nations for the Coordination of Humanitarian Assistance to Afghanistan (UNOCHA) Mine Action Programme for Afghanistan has continued its operations throughout most of the country.
The level of resources required until completion of the project, estimated taking into account the latest developments, the recommendations of the Board of Auditors and the recommendations of the independent experts, are included in annex III.
3. In the light of the aforementioned, the East Timorese had rightly assumed their inherent right to decolonize themselves, considering themselves no longer bound to any decolonization covenant with the irresponsible colonial Power.
Taking note of the statement made by the Chief Minister of Montserrat on 22 May 1998 on the occasion of the observance of the Week of Solidarity with the Peoples of All Colonial Territories Fighting for Freedom, Independence and Human Rights,
49. An interesting example of such interactive private-public modalities are the generic marketing drives undertaken by governments and sectoral associations in Colombia to market coffee or in Thailand to promote silk.
Research into the precise scale and extent of trafficking and the modus operandi of traffickers should be encouraged so as to provide a concrete basis for legal and policy change.
The Economic and Social Council, in its resolution 1993/42 of 27 July 1993, requested the Secretary-General to prepare a commentary on the 1988 Convention that might assist States in their interpretation of that Convention and in contrast with the commentaries on the 1961 Convention,Commentary on the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs, 1961 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.73.XI.4).
Another detainee, Hassan Fatafta, was also released.
(a) The annual gross salary of the Director-General shall be US dollars one hundred and seventy-five thousand three hundred and forty-four (175,344), corresponding to an annual net base salary equivalent to US dollars one hundred and nineteen thousand seven hundred and twenty-two (119,722) (dependency rate) or US dollars one hundred and six thousand two hundred and fifty-five (106,255) (single rate) respectively.
WORKING PARTY ON THE MEDIUM-TERM PLAN 8 December AND THE PROGRAMME BUDGET, thirtieth session (second part) (Technical cooperation)
2. The Trinidad and Tobago Defence Force is not in possession of any weapons of aerial delivery or nuclear, chemical or biological weaponry, nor does it intend to acquire weapons of mass destruction in the future.
Total expenditures for the 6-month period from 1 January 1996 to 30 June 1996 amounted to $77.5 million.
(d) LATIN AMERICA AND THE CARIBBEAN (GC.7/CRP.3/Add.2; GC.7/14)
22. At the end of 1998, combined cash, regular budget and peacekeeping taken together, is projected to drop further – to $577 million from $669 million – at the end of 1997.
It strongly recommends that new legislation should not discriminate against prostitutes but should punish pimps and procurers.
The Committee was informed that these shortcomings would be addressed when IMIS is installed worldwide and by arrangements being made to establish connectivity with Pension Fund records.
55. Executive Board of UNDP and UNFPA, second regular session [General Assembly resolutions 2029 (XX) and 48/162]
Operational activities for development [99]
6. To this end, the proposed study will analyse those historical and cultural factors that may affect the acceptance, entrenchment and furtherance of democracy through the exercise of human rights.
The woman and her husband complained that the setting up of an observation post on their roof had caused a serious deterioration in the quality of their lives.
(e) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
Government officials recognize that methane emission levels from the natural gas industry are highly uncertain.
“(h) Working paper submitted by Algeria, Bahrain, Comoros, Djibouti, Egypt, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Mauritania, Morocco, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Somalia, the Sudan, Tunisia, the United Arab Emirates and Yemen (A/CN.10/1997/WG.I/WP.7);
16. As at 31 December 1997, a total of $445,704,322 has been assessed on Member States in respect of UNTAES for the period from 15 January 1996 to 31 December 1997.
11. Right of peoples to self-determination (D.109).
7. Test environment for non-mainframe applications
13. Requests for assistance for victims of torture are constantly increasing.
25. On the basis of the elements described in the present report, the level of resources for the biennium 1998–1999 would be $2,484,130,300.
As indicated earlier, in accordance with article 15 (c) of the Regulations of the Fund, the local pension secretariats of the other member organizations provide similar services to their active participants, as well as secretariat services to their staff pension committees.
However, in accordance with rule 104.10 (d), where both husband and wife are staff members and the spouse who separates first is entitled to return travel expenses, his or her entitlement shall not cease until after two years after the date of separation of the other spouse.
For this purpose, UNEP is proposing a consortium of several competent organizations and institutions coordinated by UNEP to implement Phase 1 of this activity.
395. With regard to article 7 of the Convention, it is regretted that little further information was provided following the eight paragraphs regarding this article in the previous report.
To ensure that man will never again resort to hostility and conflict as a means to achieve his objectives and will rely increasingly on its ability to persuade and convince, the international community should underline the imperative of dialogue as the accepted mode of interaction and settlement of differences.
(b) role in areas such as information collection and exchange, research, technology transfer, benchmarks and indicators, capacity-building, policy formulation and local-level activities;
PROMOTION AND PROTECTION OF THE RIGHTS OF CHILDREN
71. The Commission on the Strengthening of the Justice System concluded its work in April and published a report, entitled “A new justice for peace”, which takes a creditable approach to analysing the whole issue of the justice system and its institutions.
Considerable attention was devoted to such issues as irregular migration.
In such situations there is a particular need for a coordinated approach by the international community and for a common understanding among aid donors of the principles that will govern aid programmes.
26. An early exchange of views by/with the Secretariat and Member States on the preparation of reports can be helpful in strengthening their content.
In this connection, the Secretary-General wishes to draw the attention of Member States to the report of the Conference on Disarmament (A/53/27) on its 1998 session, which contains proposals made regarding the points raised in the resolution.
In UNDCP, notwithstanding the lack of audit reports on nationally executed projects, the programme had made significant progress in encouraging executing agencies to provide audit reports.
This indicated that the stated aim of the fund, which was to secure a quick impact, had not been achieved.
She said that while it was not her intention to question the credibility of the group composed of the Bureau of the Committee, representatives of the regional groups and the Group of 77 and China, her group believed that decisions on substantive issues should be taken in the Committee rather than in the “extended” Bureau.
11. United Nations pension system (item 121).
It should also be noted that the four individuals who were arrested in September 1997 in connection with their suspected involvement in the smuggling of bombs in the province, were tried in the court of law and subsequently released on 1 June 1998.
All members of Permanent Missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
The various factors involved in computing the utilization statistics were clarified, and suggestions for improving utilization of conference-servicing resources were made.
71. The Board noted that this methodology does not take account of deviations in the local labour market conditions in the various headquarters duty stations.
The Government of Kuwait is undertaking field surveys of service provision and of the number and situation of older persons in ill health still living in their own homes and hospitals, in order to improve policy implementation.
6.17 The estimated requirements of $16,000 relate to attendance by staff at meetings and conferences of United Nations organs and other bodies held away from Headquarters and meetings of regional bodies with which the International Law Commission has established formal links. The meetings and conferences at locations other than Headquarters are mandated by the General Assembly in its resolution on the statute of the Commission (resolution 174 (II) of 21 November 1947).
The satellite from the Gonets series is designed to operate as part of the new low-orbit satellite communications system being set up under Russia’s Federal Space Programme. Gonets-5
29. Regrets the difficulties being faced by the language service staff in relation to their career development;
It further noted the comparison of remuneration amounts provided in the documentation before it.
(b) What are the optimal marketing strategies to be pursued in different markets, in particular new and emerging ones?
Any Party to the Convention may propose amendments to this Protocol.
“6. Deeply regrets that, despite the continued efforts of the High Commissioner for Human Rights no agreement could be reached between the Government of Rwanda and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on a new mandate for the Human Rights Field Operation in Rwanda, which consequently led to the withdrawal of the Field Operation from Rwanda on 28 July 1998;
At 2150 hours occupation forces at Qal`at al-Shaqif (Chateau de Beaufort) fired illumination flares over the surrounding area.
In particular, the ESCAP secretariat initiated collaboration on research with various research institutions in the region.
No provision was made under this heading.
30. As envisaged in paragraph 3 of the Integrated Framework, activities for individual African least developed countries under the joint International Trade Centre/UNCTAD/WTO Integrated Technical Assistance Programme in selected least developed and other African countries, are subsumed under the Integrated Framework.
Another six medical officers from the five fields participated in a short-term non-governmental organization-funded training course in community health, held in Japan.
With regard to the preparation of the consolidated draft resolution, the Special Committee held extensive informal consultations with the administering Powers concerned and other States as well as with the representatives of Non-Self-Governing Territories.
IV. Provisional agenda for the second session of the Commission
Having examined the recommendations of the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee for the Elaboration of an International Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa (INCD) regarding the functions of the Global Mechanism, and the criteria for selecting an institution to house it, as reflected in Appendix I of document ICCD/COP(1)/5 and in paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Committee's decision 10/3, taken at the first part of its tenth session, with the amendment contained in document ICCD/COP(1)/5/Add.1,
I should be grateful if the item could be allocated to the plenary Assembly.
That perception reflects a misunderstanding of such critical concepts as gender roles, indirect discrimination and de facto inequality.
Report of the Secretary-General on the impact of approved savings measures on the implementation of mandated programmes and activities (A/C.5/51/53, A/52/7 and A/52/ 16)
III. RECOMMENDATION OF THE FIFTH COMMITTEE
Reform and expansion of the Security Council call for a thorough examination of the issue;
The Committee held 24 plenary meetings (360th to 383rd), and its two working groups each held 9 meetings.
1. Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General and the recommendations contained therein, A/53/376. takes note of the statement on gender equality and mainstreaming in the work of the United Nations system adopted by the Administrative Committee on Coordination in March 1998, ACC/1998/4, para. 63. and requests the Secretary-General to report in 2000 to the Commission on the Status of Women, in its capacity as the preparatory committee for the high-level plenary review to appraise and assess the progress achieved in the implementation of the Nairobi Forward-looking Strategies for the Advancement of Women and the Beijing Platform for Action, to be convened by the General Assembly in the year 2000, on progress made to achieve the goals outlined in the statement;
UNDCP continued to carry out its role as advocate, technical partner, coordinator and source of partial funding of such interventions.
Otherwise the benefit entitlement shall commence on the day immediately following the day that age is reached; and
(a) Operative paragraph 1 was adopted by a recorded vote of 133 to 5, with 5 abstentions.
He recalled that communications were the basic commitment of all Parties and that their lack would inhibit the ability of the Parties to assess the need for future action to advance implementation and to strengthen the Convention.
1998 JUNIC Directory, released in English in March
35. The new intercountry programme guidelines use the logical framework approach, already used for country projects, for defining quantitative and qualitative goals and outputs.
Implementation of the decisions taken by ACC outlined above, as well as the provision of basic security to United Nations staff members, entail additional expenditures that cannot be met from existing resources.
4. Estimated resource requirements for 1998 and 1999
It was suggested that the structure provided by the 1997 International Convention for the Suppression of Terrorist Bombings should be followed (see A/AC.252/1998/WP.13).
Methane emissions decreased in the 1991 to 1994/95 period in most reporting Parties, except Canada and Norway where emission increases were likely related to robust oil and natural gas production, and the United States of America where the increase was related to growth in emissions from agriculture and waste disposal.
This atrocious crime is documented by incontrovertible evidence and the accounts of two arrested members of the terrorist organization who are directly responsible for the killing of these civilians.
19. No provision was made under this heading.
(m) Ensure a coordinated response to the refugee problem, in keeping with the international instruments in force.
The detainee had been held since August 1994.
Having reviewed the recommendations of the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee on the procedures for the establishment of ad hoc panels,
50. On 14 May, the Director-General of the Ministry of Agriculture, Dani Kritzman, stated that should the European Union revoke trade benefits for settler agricultural produce, the Ministry of Agriculture would revoke all the benefits and advantages given to Palestinian agricultural produce under the Paris Agreements. “I personally undertake not to implement the Paris Accords if this is what the Europeans decide.
(vi) Number of software packages supportedc
For that reason, the new programme structure for the present medium-term plan was adopted by the Committee two years ago.
Statement of income and expenditure and changes in reserves and fund balances for the period from 7 November 1989 to 30 June 1996 as at 30 June 1996
Nutritional surveys showed that global malnutrition rates had risen to as high as 62 per cent in certain areas of Bahr Al Ghazal.
79. Four additional posts are requested: three P-4 (Mission Planning Officers) and one General Service (administrative assistant).
UNHCR received earmarked funds in July 1998 to finance its participation in the joint UNHCR/UNICEF Liberia Children’s Initiative for the reintegration of refugee and internally displaced Liberian children.
16. Malta intends to continue to pursue and give priority attention to issues relating to the Mediterranean and strengthen its participation in all those processes that involve dialogue among countries of the region, and that promote activities and initiatives in those sectors and areas with the scope to strengthen peace, cooperation, dialogue and security in the region.
Recognizing that all available options for self-determination of the Territories are valid as long as they are in accordance with the freely expressed wishes of the peoples concerned and in conformity with the clearly defined principles contained in General Assembly resolutions 1514 (XV), 1541 (XV) and other resolutions of the General Assembly,
The President informed delegates that agenda item 27 (Return or restitution of cultural property to the countries of origin), originally scheduled for Tuesday, 28 October, in the morning, would be considered at a later date to be announced, and that agenda item 14 (Report of the International Atomic Energy Agency), originally scheduled for Monday, 3 November, in the morning, would be considered on Wednesday, 12 November, in the morning.
The certificate shall refer to the prototype test report, the refrigerated liquefied gases allowed to be transported, the materials of construction of the tank and jacket and an approval number.
the eleventh to fourteenth periodic reports of Yugoslavia*
Recalling further its resolutions 52/220 and 52/221 of 22 December 1997,
The distinction between the provisional and the definitive entry into force of the Agreement had no legal implications for the application of the Agreement or for the operation of the International Natural Rubber Organization.
Special Fund account for project promotion and contingencies
UNCTAD (1997d). Draft chapter on agriculture for the Least Developed Countries Report 1997, [Geneva], mimeo.
The lack of appropriate legal mechanisms represents a substantial problem in this area.
1. Article 3, paragraphs 1 and 2, of the statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal (General Assembly resolution 351 A (IV) of 24 November 1949) provides as follows:
PREPARATIONS FOR A HANDBOOK ON COMPETITION LEGISLATION
66. Even with the improvements which are expected to result from implementation of the above-cited recommendations, under certain security conditions the presence of United Nations staff may no longer be justified.
Greater emphasis has been placed, with the assistance of the Fund's internal auditors, on the review of beneficiaries over the age of 75 in a number of countries to determine their continued eligibility for benefits.
“Supporting the current efforts being undertaken by the newly independent and developing landlocked States in Central Asia and their transit developing neighbours through relevant multilateral, bilateral and regional arrangements to address issues regarding the development of a viable transit infrastructure in the region,
The 14,372 education staff – including teachers, administrative staff and support staff – represented more than two thirds of all Agency staff, while the education budget of $160.3 million for 1998 accounted for half of the total Agency budget.
In the near future, similar agreements will be signed with Greece and Romania, and agreements with Argentina, Croatia, Georgia, Armenia, Hungary, Mongolia, the Republic of Moldova, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland are being prepared.
4. Urges all Governments to provide the fullest possible financial and political support to the Programme by widening its donor base and increasing voluntary contributions, in particular general-purpose contributions, to enable it to continue, expand and strengthen its operational and technical cooperation activities;
205. The Commission noted that in most organizations, there was no usage requirement and no retesting to ascertain if proficiency had been maintained.
24. No provision is required under this heading.
It was also proposed that, if feasible or appropriate, UNIDIR could assist in that preparation.
30. In terms of funding, the average annual expenditure on TCDC activities by the organizations and agencies of the United Nations was reported to be in the order of approximately $100 million, of which UNDP counted for about 50 per cent, and more than half of that amount was reported as coming from regional allocations.
United States: the estimates of the effects of policies and measures on CO2, CH4, and N2O emissions were clearly presented in the national communication and appear to be based on policies and measures that have been adopted and implemented.
The panellists therefore welcomed the United Nations System-wide Special Initiative on Africa in the hope that it would improve coordination.
The China National Steering Committee on Certification of Environmental Management System, which was established in May 1997 and involves 33 ministries and state bureaus, will be active in the development and supervision of policies on certification and accreditation of EMS.
(b) The communications sent by the Special Rapporteur do not cover all the incidents and governmental actions in the world that are incompatible with the 1981 Declaration.
What actions are required through national policy-making and international cooperation in areas such as technical assistance for project formulation, addressing information gaps or facilitating access of SMEs to finance and technology?
Part A includes revised draft articles for a convention on arrest of ships, and part B contains draft final clauses prepared by the secretariats on the basis of the final provisions of the 1993 International Convention on Maritime Liens and Mortgages (1993 MLM Convention).
This has not always been so: in 1980, for instance, I was received by the President of the General Assembly as Foreign Minister of Portugal during that year’s general debate, and I remember well how large and beautifully equipped was the office of the President.
Enhancement of energy efficiency in all sectors, including the energy production and transformation, industrial, transport, residential and commercial and agricultural sectors.
This would require funding for participation, as proposed by NGOs themselves.
— Establishment of roster of experts (ICCD/COP(1)/6)
108. The representative concluded by reiterating the Government’s firm commitment to bringing its legislation in line with the Convention as well as to fully implementing the Convention and the Beijing Platform for Action and to providing services that will improve the quality of life for women in South Africa.
The publishing, merchandising, and sale of the series have allowed those projects to become viable and independent.
If the transaction costs, combined with high interest rates, require that the operation in question generate profit margins of the order of 30 to 50 per cent, it is not clear that this would be economically beneficial.
— Strengthening the capacity of INSAH and national farm research systems as regards documentation and scientific and technical communications, with a view to making better use of research findings.
For the majority of these cases the reported differences fall within 1 to 3 per cent, demonstrating the usefulness of this approach for verification purposes.
In addition, most of the construction was carried out by the settlement branch of the Council of Jewish Communities in Judea, Samaria (West Bank) and Gaza for non-profit purposes.
Although those standards were not rules and regulations per se, they were a useful point of reference, which had been used on occasion by the United Nations Administrative Tribunal.
(c) The means and ideas to ensure the sustainability of the above initiative, which is being proposed to be effected by the year 2002, need further exploration;
7. Reiterates its deep concern regarding the persisting critical financial situation of the Agency, as outlined in the report of the Commissioner-General;5
After checking their identification cards, they ordered them to get into their jeep and lower their heads in order to prevent them from seeing where they were being taken.
I. Significant recommendations in reports of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on which corrective action has not been completed
Closed consultations among members of the Security Council and troop contributors on the United Nations Mission of Observers in Tajikistan (UNMOT) will be held today, 12 November 1997, at 4 p.m. in Conference Room 7. Announcement
3. The Sub—Commission may limit the time allowed to speakers and the number of times each member may speak on any question; permission to speak on a motion to set such limits shall be accorded only to two members favouring and to two opposing such limits, after which the motion shall be put to the vote immediately.
Notwithstanding this, the ICSC secretariat informed the Board that it planned to report on the status of women as part of its work programme for 1998.
Until such time, the return of urban refugees from Conakry and some other cities in the subregion to Freetown is being facilitated.
The barriers of language and time, as well as distance, are significantly reduced in the world of the Web.
2. Non-governmental and community-based organizations
2. Two reports were submitted to the Committee on Information at its twentieth session, held from 4 to 15 May 1998:
Welcoming the decision of the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity at its sixty-eighth ordinary session, held at Ouagadougou from 4 to 7 June 1998, concerning the proliferation of small arms and light weapons, See A/53/179, annex I.
Total expenditures for the 6-month period from 1 January 1996 to 30 June 1996 amounted to $9.3 million.
73. The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) established an additional subregional office in Nairobi in 1998 for the benefit of eastern and southern African countries.
At the same time, the rules for cooperatives were collected under a separate heading, “cooperatives and mutual assurance associations”, to strengthen the position of cooperatives as separate legal entities together with non-profit organizations and limited companies.
Israel continues to carry out attacks against civilians in Lebanon in direct violation of the right to life and the right to security of person, as provided for under article 3 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (10 December 1948) and article 6 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
(c) Completing the process of integrating United Nations information centres into the offices of United Nations resident coordinators, but with a much stronger system of feedback and accountability.
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/173).
The Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions introduced the relevant part of the report of that Committee (A/52/7 (Chapter II, Part II).
In the area of culture, the action plan for the safeguarding of the World Heritage site Mozambique island has been initiated with the preparation of rehabilitation and community activity projects to be submitted to donors.
If necessary, measures should be taken to discuss the problem of Japan’s past crimes at the General Assembly or to bring it to the attention of the International Court of Justice.
Operating modalities of the Ministerial Conference
Despite appeals from my predecessor and from the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the international community failed to support efforts to separate former combatants from non-combatant refugees who had ensconced themselves on the territory of the former Zaire, along its border with Rwanda.
Moreover, prospects of increased competition for particular production sectors will oblige developing countries to strengthen their policies in support of supply capability building.
COMMITTEE FOR PROGRAMME AND COORDINATION
Item 157 of the provisional agenda A/53/150.
8. The results of the work of the Phase III Working Group were confirmed by an ad hoc working group, which met from 31 July to 4 August 1995.
As indicated in paragraph 18 of the report, the Secretary-General recommended a multi-year project concept and that any balance of appropriation for the Account at the end of a biennium be carried forward to the succeeding biennium.
Greater coherence is needed in international policy-making in the areas of trade, money and finance.
47. We are at a critical moment in the history of efforts to reduce the danger posed by nuclear weapons.
In 1995, 13 African and 27 Asian countries and territories reported cocaine seizures.
Under the plan, Israel would also control the coastline of the Gaza Strip .
In addition, the Office has funded the Women’s Unit Project of the Palestinian Centre for Human Rights.
UNCTAD should study the effects on the trade and development efforts of developing countries in the tourism sector, the measures to offset any adverse effects, and ways and means to expedite their recovery.
Rapporteur: Mr. Hassan Kassem Najem (Lebanon)
11. Election-related supplies and services
IV. International economic cooperation for development
4. Also requests the Director-General to submit a progress report on the implementation of the present resolution through the Industrial Development Board to the General Conference at its eighth session.
In preparing for trade negotiations, advanced industrialized countries mobilize considerable resources to identify negotiating objectives, to analyze the positions of their trading partners and to form national consensus.
Document: Note by the Secretary-General.
A number of States enter reservations to particular articles on the ground that national law, tradition, religion or culture is not congruent with Convention principles, and purport to justify the reservation on that basis.
29. Expresses its full support for the wide, accurate, equal and prompt coverage of United Nations activities through the continuation of United Nations press releases both in working languages of the Secretariat, namely English and French, and, where circumstances require, in other languages, and stresses the importance of the continued speedy issue and high quality of those press releases in both working languages;
Trust Fund for the Fiftieth Anniversary of the United Nations
The budget proposals of the Secretary, with the comments thereon of the Standing Committee, were reviewed by ACABQ.
The SSE programme had a capital base of $1.7 million at mid-1998 and an overall recovery rate of 94 per cent.
3. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the reports of the Secretary-General (A/52/768 and A/52/805) and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/52/860/Add.1).
“3. The Council calls for special efforts by the United Nations system to strengthen expertise concerning the equal status and human rights of women.
(l) Prohibition of the dumping of radioactive wastes
Advances for International Fund for Agricultural Development projects The amount of US$ 2,695,479 shown in statement II represents balances due to Government for funds received in advance for projects funded by IFAD loans and to IFAD itself for funds received related to loan administration and project supervision.
16. In this context, there are regions such as the Jordan Valley where a direct link may be established between the loss of Palestinians’ agricultural opportunities and Israeli settlements.
In addition, the major development at the economic policy level has been the increased resolve of the Government, in cooperation with Parliament, to address the structural problems and rigidities of the fiscal situation and to put in place an effective policy of austerity (see public finance in part IV below).
By developing the necessary physical infrastructure, knowledge and skills, as well as providing appropriate incentives, the Government can help to promote innovative capacity and structural change in the economy.
The representative of UNCTAD made substantive presentations on competition legislation and participated in the debates.
1. The Second Committee held a substantive debate on agenda item 91 (see A/53/606, para. 2).
A total of 377 vehicles and 15 tractors were also destroyed and a further 479 vehicles and 31 tractors were badly damaged.
10. With regard to the resettlement of internally displaced persons organized into communities, the first transfer of the Comunidades de Población en Resistencia (CPR) de la Sierra went to the Tesoro estate and the second resettlement took place on the southern coast.
Thus the need for vigorous attention to developing the regulatory and institutional framework governing the economy and the mobilization of financial resources.
7. Concerning laws and institutions, legal instruments for the management of the oceans that followed the adoption in 1982 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea have not resulted in a coherent, responsive framework for ocean governance.
This resulted in the freezing of the number of rooms at Arab-owned hotels in East Jerusalem at their 1967 level while the number of rooms at hotels operating in the rest of the West Bank and Gaza Strip declined.
14. At its 410th meeting, on 2 September 1998, the Committee reviewed the report of the Secretary-General on meeting statistics of United Nations organs that had met in 1997 (A/AC.172/1998/3).
The Secretary of the Committee responded to a question posed.
At the outset, the sponsor delegation introduced a reordering of the paragraphs of the revised proposal and introduced a new paragraph 1.
Sectoral areas for assistance include food and agriculture, water supply and sanitation, vocational training and income generation, health and education.
89. The changes in global interception rates in heroin and cocaine trafficking noted earlier, from around 14 per cent for cocaine and below 10 per cent for heroin in 1985 to 34 and 14.5 per cent respectively in 1993, indicate the potential to increase the effectiveness of law enforcement programmes and the need for advanced law enforcement methods to be applied at the international level.
51. The new version of the operating system for the hardware has been successfully installed and tested at Bangkok, and will soon be installed on all similar machines around the world, including those used for purposes other than IMIS.
In addition to a Management Section, comprising the Managing Director and one administrative assistant, the GM staff would consist of three teams, one for each programme area and one for administration and finance.
27. During the period under review, the Department of Public Information provided extensive coverage on various aspects of disarmament and related issues in news bulletins and current affairs magazines, including the Conference on Disarmament at Geneva; the negotiation and signing of the Comprehensive Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty; Iraq and UNSCOM operations; the impact of landmines, the Oslo Conference and United Nations efforts for demining; the Chemical Weapons Convention; nuclear waste and contamination; and the proliferation of weapons in Africa.
1 ICCD/COP(1)/11/Add.1, decision 5/COP.1.
Report of the International Law Commission on the work of its forty-ninth session [147] (A/52/10)
145. The Committee commends the State party’s efforts aimed at the return, resettlement and rehabilitation of over 250,000 Crimean Tatars, as well as persons of other nationalities, who were forcibly deported to different parts of the former Soviet Union approximately 50 years ago.
13. Also calls upon the Secretary-General to exert all efforts to ensure that information to be presented to the media is made available to delegations fully and in a timely fashion;
It requests the secretariat to produce an interim report on this issue in time for consideration by the Commission at its second session.
Sick leave may be refused if the Secretary-General is satisfied that such leave is not justified, in which case the absence shall be treated as unauthorized in accordance with rule 205.1 (d).
(i) Endogenous capacity to monitor and assess important climate change parameters;
It was assumed that of these staff members, only a small number qualified for a stopover for a journey of more than 10 (or 12) hours.
Between 1215 and 1320 hours the client militia fired several 155-mm artillery shells at Mazra'at al-Hamra and outlying areas of Mayfdun, Jabal al-Rafi' and Wadi Habbush from its position at Zafatah.
Demographic and health surveys were most frequently mentioned in the questionnaire as sources of information.
Programmes to provide social and housing support are reported in several countries; they often feature cooperation between non-governmental organizations and the Government in meeting the needs of this rapidly growing population.
9. Operative paragraph 4 was adopted by a recorded vote of 143 to none.
In one case, however, the accused objected to the assignment of a given counsel and requested representation by another counsel, which inevitably delayed the proceedings.
For developing country firms to be able to do so, an important capacity-building exercise was considered necessary.
2. During the session, two plenary meetings and eight informal meetings of the sessional group of the whole were held.
25. The Fifth Committee held four informal meetings presided by its Chairman, at which it considered in a comprehensive manner questions relating, inter alia, to the organization of its work, the role of the Bureau and measures to ensure the timely issuance of documentation.
40. The Board noted that the Purchase and Transportation Section of the United Nations Office at Geneva is currently considering new procurement practices to provide more flexibility for small purchases below an agreed threshold and a volume purchase agreement to supply all other such purchases on the basis of a monthly invoice.
However, the promotion procedure is for the time being only a proposal.
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/120), A/53/293 and Add.1.
The electrician will also act as a technical point of contact in the area.
The Commission was informed that UNCTAD was currently interested in cooperating with the Commission with respect to rules relating to electronic commerce.
21. The General Assembly, it its resolution 52/227 of 31 March 1998, requested the Secretary-General to include in its tenth progress report a detailed plan of action and the final level of resources needed to resolve all outstanding problems so as to make the system fully operational, taking into account, among others, the report of the independent experts.
The conclusions of the meetings clearly demonstrate that there is a distinct need for cooperation between customs administrations in the Arab region, especially on coordination and computerization.
For decision makers in developing countries and countries with economies in transition, the absence of access to a high-speed telecommunication system is a serious obstacle to obtaining internationally available information and data.
(e) Notes by the Secretary-General transmitting the thirtieth report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (A/53/661) and the periodic reports of the Special Committee covering the periods from 30 August to 31 December 1997 (A/53/136) and from 1 January to 31 May 1998 (A/53/136/Add.1);
This will enhance the use of Internet communications between Headquarters and offices in the field.
Mr. C. S. M. Mselle (United Republic of Tanzania)***
It was only in 1992, after increasing rates of rare cancers were detected among villagers of Point Hope, that the United States Government admitted that the radioactive waste was still buried there.
Combination antiretrovirals have come into widespread use in the developed world over the past two years, but because they are so costly and difficult to administer they remain inaccessible to most people living with HIV in the developing world and in countries with economies in transition.
— At the national level: fast means of communication + fax + electronic mail
This does not mean that any party should abandon a legitimate demand, but only that it should not abandon negotiations without justification and that it should refrain from any action that might jeopardize a proposed agreement when it has entered into negotiations for the purpose of concluding an agreement.
I should like to express my thanks and sincere appreciation for the concern you demonstrated during your recent visit to Lebanon.
(d) The SBSTA noted with appreciation the decision of the IPCC at its thirteenth session to accelerate work on uncertainties related to GHG inventories in the IPCC/OECD/IEA programme, as requested by the SBSTA at its sixth session.
3. Encourages the competent organs, subsidiary organs, programmes and specialized agencies of the United Nations, including the International Court of Justice, the International Law Commission and the Secretariat, within their respective competencies, as well as other international organizations, non-governmental organizations, groups and individuals, as appropriate:
2. Emphasizes the need for developing countries that are heavily dependent on primary commodities to continue to promote a domestic policy and an institutional environment that encourage diversification and liberalization of the trade and export sectors and enhance competitiveness;
Naturally, his listeners could not realize that this is a demand for the right to push all Turkish Cypriot refugees, most of whom have been uprooted from their homes thrice in three decades, out into the sea, since they will not return to the South to suffer the same agony that they had suffered between the years 1963 and 1974.
As from Monday, 3 November 1997, and for the rest of the month, the Presidency of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings on the current work of the Council for Member States of the United Nations which are non-members of the Council daily, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
Minor violations of the 1974 disengagement agreement are reportedly common in the Golan. They usually involve increases in the number of soldiers deployed there.
Local, descriptive studies attribute a variety of illnesses, including cancer, to the radiation that followed the tests.
37. Although the nuclear issue has generated extensive contacts in fields of nuclear safety and medicine, international business interest in Kazakhstan has largely ignored the communities adjacent to the test site.
The Commission also recommends that the secretariat explore ways of disseminating this information in the form of fact sheets on the Internet in order to make it widely available to potential investors.
In 1997, the Division also assisted the Authority by informing the World Trade Organization (WTO) about the consistency of the trade-related provisions of the deep seabed mining regime, as established by Part XI of the Convention and the 1994 Implementing Agreement, with the provisions of the WTO; and about the convergence of the dispute settlement procedures in trade-related matters under the deep seabed mining regime with those of WTO.5
73. In 1997, the Government of Luxembourg donated 10 million Luxembourg francs (Lux F) to ICRC for humanitarian relief and Lux F 6 million to WHO for medical assistance.
The eight regional country support team offices house 216 staff at 1996–1997 rental cost of $1 million.
Because electronic subscriptions have proved to be more cost-effective and timely, the Library has continued its efforts to replace print with electronic subscriptions whenever possible and to initiate cost recovery where feasible.
II. Status of adherence to the 1988 Convention 3-7 3
Education and information on sexual and reproductive health is also being made available to personnel and convicts in the National Prison System, through the creation of a network of sexual and reproductive health promoters.
30. For the Office of the Prosecutor, 104 additional posts are requested for 1999 (63 Professional and 41 General Service), including 27 posts requested in the revised 1998 budget.
WFP strongly protested these losses to the Taliban leadership.
Cooperation with ILO, the European Commission and the Pompidou Group of the Council of Europe was enhanced to optimize assistance in demand reduction.
91. In connection with International Women’s Day on 8 March 1998, the Office of the High Commissioner organized a round-table meeting which focused on violence against women and on the realization of economic, social and cultural rights.
Gross domestic product (GDP) growth was 7.9 per cent in 1997 and has averaged close to 8 per cent in the five years since 1993.
The Government of India is alive to the dangers of extremism and has used legislative measures like the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967, to curb public fund-raising and propaganda activities of extremist organizations whose activities are prejudicial to communal harmony.
The predecessor agreements had achieved a marked degree of price stability in the market.
407. The Committee also requests the Ministry of Agrarian Reform to continue its institutional intervention to persuade public land (ejido) assemblies to allocate to women the parcels of land to which they are entitled.
The question should be the subject of analysis and should continue to be considered.
Nevertheless, the Committee has noted in too many instances unplanned travel not related directly to the political or peacekeeping process, but related more to administration, monitoring, procurement and training.
At the end of the two-year period, new requests from member States can thus be addressed through the establishment of new ad hoc groups of experts, while not inflating the intergovernmental structure of the Commission.
CCPR/C/81/Add.13 Initial report of Israel
This number increased by the end of 1994 to 27.4 million.
The group should comprise judges, prosecution, trial and defence experts with sufficient experience in their professions to be able to evaluate a Tribunal of international character.
The Committee recommends that further steps be taken towards decentralization of social services so as to afford children outside the capital open and easy access to basic social services and education.
The situation in Kosovo continues to cause concern.
For example, a technical cooperation project on the safety and health of rural workers applies to indigenous peoples, because many indigenous people work as temporary rural workers.
Aware of the establishment of a working relationship between the Advisory Commission of the Agency and the Palestine Liberation Organization in accordance with General Assembly decision 48/417 of 10 December 1993,
16. Proposal submitted by the Republic of Korea (A/AC.252/1998/WP.16)
(vii) Unforeseen and extraordinary expenses for the biennium 1998–1999 (resolution 52/223);
The representative of the United Nations Educational, Scien-tific and Cultural Organization also made a statement.
In addition, for island developing countries, to enhance the capacity of Governments to analyse, devise policies and build machinery for the effective implementation of measures identified at the Global Conference on the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States;
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of General Assembly resolution 53/___ on international cooperation to reduce the impact of the El Niño phenomenon (A/53/609/Add.6, para. 18, draft resolution I)c
(c) Proposals to amend Annexes I and II.
The Chairman made a statement after which the Committee concluded its work.
9. According to the Secretary-General, the main activities planned for the next two years are the following:
1. Endorses the proposals of the Secretary-General, on the understanding that the amount to be utilized by the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development should not exceed 5,526,600 United States dollars;
III. Institution-building and human rights monitoring
7. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.15, as orally revised, without a vote (see para. 13, draft resolution I).
35. The Special Rapporteur remains concerned about the fate of the Serb, Kosovo Albanian and Roma civilians and Serbian police officers abducted by armed Kosovo Albanians, believed to be the KLA, and has appealed directly for their release.
14. Although the National Police has made considerable progress during the past two years, the many human rights violations committed by its agents remain cause for concern.
53. To ensure selection of consultants on a more competitive basis, all proposals for consideration of a sole candidate for recruitment should be actively discouraged.
At 0800 hours a client militia foot patrol strafed the Tumat Niha road area with medium- and light-weapons fire.
At 1900 hours Israeli forces fired several 155-mm artillery shells at outlying areas of Yatar from their position at Tall Ya`qub.
At its sixty-second session, Mr. Eckart Klein submitted to the Committee a draft general comment on article 12.
Detained at Gitarama, Rwanda, since 6 June 1996
The only difference is that whereas in gross budgeting Member States are assessed the gross amount of appropriations approved by the General Assembly less income anticipated from reimbursements from participating organizations, in net budgeting the appropriation granted by the General Assembly under the expenditure sections reflects only the regular budget’s net share, with no offsetting income for the shares of participating organizations.
Detailed analyses may be found in technical paper TP/1997/2.
Divergent views were expressed concerning the inclusion of a specific provision on environmental damage.
The Centre at Washington, D.C., organized meetings for the 10 Palestinian media practitioners to observe the press conference at the White House and the Department of State of the United States of America, and provided administrative and logistical support for those journalists.
(c) Letter dated 27 May 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Pakistan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/131–S/1998/435);
Proceedings in the main trial were also fundamentally flawed, with the court summarily rejecting 30 defence witnesses, also a violation of the European Convention.
(f) Promotion of justice and international law;
However, as a result of the rapidly evolving situation and the changing priorities following the June 1997 eruption, a request for postponement of its adoption was made to the Executive Board by UNDP.
The Board’s main findings are as follows:
On the narrow question of denial of access to a legal adviser at a time when inferences from silence might be drawn, the Court found against the United Kingdom.
6. The time factor of staff separation is essential to reduce the likelihood of a financial crisis in 1998 as the number of staff who will have to leave the Organization is expected to exceed 120.
He then raped Nang Zarm Hawm in the hut several times during the day and at about 4 a.m. burned Nang Zarm Hawm in the hut, and left the place with his troops.
The dry ports in Kenya near the Ugandan border have also greatly facilitated the movement of Ugandan and Rwandan transit cargo.
Of which: developing countries’ total exports
Secondly, many items that were initially envisioned for disposal were sold as scrap or for use, including crushed vehicles and tyres, thus turning an estimated expenditure for clean-up into a profit.
B. Meeting of Heads of National Drug Law Enforcement Agencies, Asia and the Pacific 23-34 8
Statements in explanation of position were made by the rep-resentatives of Belgium (on behalf of the European Union), India, the Syrian Arab Republic, New Zealand (on behalf of Australia, Canada and New Zealand), Japan, Cuba, Pakistan, Panama and the United States.
The primary function of the helicopter wing is for patrol and reconnaissance flights over the mission area, in particular where the establishment of observation posts or travel by surface is difficult.
The United States, by contrast, is at the bottom of the list, giving less than 0.2 per cent of its GNP to other countries in the form of foreign aid".Bradshaw and Wallace, op. cit., p. 141.
The AGBM, at its 1st meeting, on 31 July, adopted the following agenda:
During those discussions, the parties were informed of MINURSO’s plan to open 12 centres, 9 of which would operate concurrently.
41. The role of implementing agencies (WHO/PAHO and UNICEF) in a project on local integral health-care systems (PROSILAIS) (see also para. 44 below) as technical instruments in the process of reform and decentralization is very important.
The pro-Iraqi march in Hebron turned violent and scores of Palestinians threw bottles and stones at IDF troops who, in turn, fired rubber bullets to disperse them.
The first such seminar is scheduled for Rio de Janeiro in October 1998, the second in Singapore in February 1999.
As trade in services (and, in particular, information-intensive services) increases, and as trade in both goods and services becomes itself more dependent on international information flows, telecommunications play an increasingly important role in the process of globalization of international trade.
98. However, not all the subprogrammes, particularly those for demobilized combatants scattered throughout the country, have been designed or launched.
Democratic Eleventh report 21 May 1997 1
340. The Committee recommends that the Government of Peru review its law on abortion and ensure that women have access to full and complete health services, which include safe abortion, and to emergency medical attention when complications arise from abortions.
1. At the end of the twelve-month period provided for in financial regulation 4.3, any unliquidated obligations of the financial period in question relating to goods supplied and services rendered by Governments for which claims have been received or which are covered by established reimbursement rates shall be transferred to accounts payable; such accounts payable shall remain recorded in the Special Account for the United Nations Operation in Mozambique until payment is effected;
26. In paragraphs 236 to 237 of its report, the Pension Board makes recommendations with regard to the level and the title of the post of the Secretary of the Board.
By April 1998, more than 18,000 of these children had been reunited with their families, while roughly 6,000 remain in 48 institutions across the country of origin awaiting reunions.
SCHEDULED MEETINGS Saturday, 13 December 1997
Regional and subregional capabilities of the United Nations regional commissions, funds and programmes, and specialized agencies should be more closely associated with the resident coordinator system and with programming mechanisms, such as UNDAF.
1. In its resolution 1166 (1998) of 13 May 1998 on the establishment of a third Trial Chamber for the International Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of the Former Yugoslavia since 1991, the Security Council decided that, pending the regular elections for judges for the entire Tribunal, three additional judges should be elected as soon as possible, to serve until the date of expiry of the terms of office of the existing judges, namely, 16 November 2001.
During the intervening three years, progress in compliance is monitored.
∙ Verify that all write-off cases have been submitted in accordance with financial regulations and rules
When applied to current operations, performance management systems need to include full-cost accounting and strategic planning, thereby linking current operations to past and future operations.
Accordingly, the Standing Committee had recommended that, where a participant resumed his or her contributory service in the Fund within 12 months of separation, without a benefit having been paid, participation in the Fund (although with a break in contributory service) should be deemed to have been continuous.
The transport aircraft violated the south-western Nicosia flight information region as well.
The monthly breakdown of the combined additional requirements for MINURSO for the resumption of identification process and for demining activities is contained in annex III.B to the present report.
52. The establishment and/or the strengthening of a concrete mechanism within a Government for the implementation of national policies, including effective legal measures for the elimination of all forms of harmful traditional practices, are crucial to the creation of a conducive environment for the enforcement of legal measures and the organization of broad-based coordinated public education and awareness-raising programmes.
It also stated its belief that culture is not a static concept and that the core values in Indonesian society are not inconsistent with the advancement of women.
65. The Committee notes from paragraph 62 of annex II that a provision of $123,400, which is equivalent to the cost of a P-4 post, is requested under general temporary assistance for the Administrative Law Unit, which currently has no support account post.
2. The audit was conducted primarily to enable the Board to form an opinion as to whether the expenditures recorded in the biennium 1996–1997 had been incurred for the purposes approved by the Executive Board of UNICEF; whether income and expenditures were properly classified and recorded in accordance with the Financial Regulations; and whether the financial statements of UNICEF presented fairly the financial position at 31 December 1997 and the results of the operations for the period then ended.
26. When necessary, in order to obtain the expertise required and where the market rates for highly specialized and technical services exceed the remuneration levels referred to above, a supplementary amount may be authorized by the Office of Human Resources Management for consultancies.
The main objective of UNDP cooperation, in the context of its new country programme, is to support the efforts of the Comoros for sustainable human development and poverty reduction.
204. It was noted that there was a good balance in the new narrative between traditional and electronic media.
The emergency-relief devices shall be dimensioned in such a way that the maximum pressure in the tank never exceeds the test pressure of the tank.
A. Draft resolution contained in document A/53/23 (Part III), chapter V
The Department of Economic and Social Affairs was designated by the General Assembly, in its resolution 48/183, as the preparatory body for the International Year for the Eradication of Poverty (1996).
ALIDE Latin American Association of Development Finance Institutions (Asociación Latinoamericana de Instituciones XVII(I)
Special challenges of humanitarian assistance
II. Recent developments in the net transfer of resources to developing countries
When an official holiday falls on a non-working day, the preceding or following working day which is closest to the holiday shall be observed as an official holiday.
87. In Pristina, the Special Representative held discussions with key Kosovo Albanian political leaders, including the Chairman of the Democratic League of Kosovo, Professor Ibrahim Rugova; and the Head of the Kosovo Albanian Negotiation Team, Mr. Fehmi Agani.
Dr. Ahmed Tibi, a senior aide to Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat, stated that the decision not to try the soldiers “affirms what we had said in the past: that Palestinian blood is cheap.
Secondly, the current physical weaknesses of the transit transport infrastructure and the proposals for further improvements were addressed.
II. Consultations and exchange of information
The Committee resumed its general discussion of this agenda item and heard statements by the representatives of Canada (on behalf of Australia, New Zealand and Canada), Ghana, Pakistan and China.
Seventy per cent of the WPCs’ running costs was covered by participation fees for training courses, kindergartens and other activities, with the remaining 30 per cent covered by UNRWA.
The European Union encourages the countries which have not yet done so to sign the Statute of the International Criminal Court and all States to ratify it.
Moreover, an effective, comprehensive, integrated and multisectoral review of ocean issues requires the input and participation at meetings of a large number of national ministries; they should not be limited just to ministries with sectoral responsibilities such as the environment.
34. UNCTAD has recently completed two volumes of the World Investment Directory, one of which is devoted to Africa (to be issued as a United Nations publication, Sales No.E.97.II.A.1).
34. The quarterly newsletter, Network, published by the Office of the Special Adviser on Gender Issues and Advancement of Women, serves as a forum for the dissemination and exchange of information on gender issues.
General Electric is saving a fortune by buying $1 billion-worth of goods from its suppliers online.
7. At the 32nd meeting, on 17 November, the representative of Egypt orally revised operative paragraph 3 to read:
Accordingly, the national communication states that these estimates should be treated with caution.
29. In all aspects of the integration exercise, we will proceed within the parameters set by the General Assembly, namely, on a case-by-case basis, taking into account the views of the host country and ensuring that the information functions and autonomy of the information centres are not adversely affected.
But such was our abhorrence of nuclear weapons and such our desire to avoid acquiring them that we sought instead security guarantees from major nuclear Powers of the world.
The Parties intend to assist, together with the entire international community, efforts to eliminate mistrust and halt the nuclear arms race in southern Asia and also promote compliance with the international nuclear non-proliferation regime.
This is of concern, as women, and particularly elderly women, are most likely to be adversely affected by poverty.
Since 1993, the International Finance Corporation has built a portfolio of 17 projects with a total value of US$ 666 million covering three main sectors: capital markets, construction materials and infrastructure.
(vii) Interest income includes all interest and related investment income earned on invested funds, various bank accounts and time deposits;
101. Crime prevention and criminal justice
The problem of plutonium disposal is discussed further below.
22. The Administration stated that budgetary control measures were in place to monitor closely the income and expenditure on both the programme and support budgets.
In the absence of reliable baseline data on maternal mortality in most countries, it is very difficult to establish clear trends, but there is no compelling evidence indicating significant progress at the global level since 1990.
10 See the recommendations of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women in her report on her mission to Rwanda (E/CN.4/1998/54/Add.1).
Proposal A: Promotion of electronic commerce (United Nations Conference on Trade and Development)
32. The Committee notes the need for further reforms in the field of juvenile justice and treatment of young offenders to ensure full implementation of articles 37, 39 and 40 of the Convention.
Development of guidelines for the application of the revised rules, related training, and streamlining of processes that can be improved as a result of these revisions, will be required for successful implementation of the projects.
Further information was available on the existence of more laboratories processing opium into morphine base and morphine base into heroin for export through the Islamic Republic of Iran to western markets.
Thus, the disputed area cannot be handed over to anybody for construction of a temple, mosque or any other structure except as decided by the High Court in the title suits.
Nevertheless, while countries in the traditional destination regions for cocaine continue to improve their knowledge on the specific patterns of cocaine trafficking via the Caribbean, that knowledge is not always available in the concerned transit countries.
20. As in previous years, IPU also contributed to the work of the Commission on the Status of Women, as well as to the work on gender issues of the Commission on Human Rights and the Economic and Social Council.
This also would allow the Unit, in deciding on its annual programme of work, to take account of the views expressed by Member States regarding the indicative listing of reports, as well as the budget estimates actually approved.
also recommended the establishment, at the national and subregional levels, of partnership arrangements with relevant developed countries; and
The Committee welcomes this approach but notes that the procedure is not followed for all budget items.
The related reduction to the estimates, excluding provision for support account for peacekeeping operations, amounted to $7,059,000 gross ($6,792,500 net), including reductions in the number of military observers from 245 to 195, international staff from 82 to 71 (13 Professional, 19 General Service and 39 Field Service) and local staff from 174 to 170, as well as related reductions in transport operations and contractual services.
It would be appreciated if delegations which have not already done so, could submit the names of their representatives to the Secretary of the Pledging Conference, Mr. Alexandre De Barros (room S-2950-G; tel.: 963-2320 or 5973; fax No.: 963-5935).
Statements in explanation of vote before the vote were made by the representatives of Turkey and Swaziland.
As methodologies develop, both nationally and internationally, the collection of data improves (emission factors, activity data and methods) and new emission sources are included.
6. Requests the administering Power to cooperate in establishing programmes specifically intended to promote the sustainable development of economic activities and enterprises by the Chamorro people of Guam;
It should be open to similar computerized systems and, to the extent permitted by national laws, it should permit relevant access by trade and transport operators.
Therefore, expert meetings, convened by UNCTAD, were regarded as an important forum for formulating the impediments facing the business community, especially in least developed countries experiencing difficulties in developing their exports.
120. Trafficking of children and women for the purpose of prostitution continues.
V. Conclusions and recommendations Annex
The setting of a mark-up or joint price-fixing standards among a number of enterprises or in a profession under an agreement is also unlawful under article 25.
Union pour la démocratie et le progrès social (UDPS), Parti démocrate et social chrétien (PDSC); Mouvement national congolais/Lumumba (MNC/L); Alliance pour le développement et la concorde (ADECO); Forces du futur.
However, the Special Rapporteur has recently received additional information from a former detainee who, in May 1996, was serving the final year of a seven-year prison sentence in Insein Prison in a cell close to the one where Mr. James Leander Nichols spent his last days.
The evolution of the Commonwealth itself attests to the expanded role of the association to deal more effectively with the growing challenges and complex issues facing member States.
Executive direction and management 945.4
(ii) 402 person days at $190 per day for the period from 13 July to 31 August 1998 ($76,400);
Economic and social development in Western Asia (Part V, section 20)
Training and awareness-building activities could also be undertaken at the regional or subregional levels.
As part of its conclusions, the Conference recommended that a mechanism, including Government representatives, representatives of the United Nations system and civil society, should be established to follow up on its results.
In the practice of some countries, however, there was more scope for negotiating the final agreement after the project consortium had been selected, in view of the complexity and scale of infrastructure projects.
311. The Committee reiterates its observations regarding the lack of clarity as to the various definitions used in the report and in domestic legislation to describe ethnic and national minorities.
By its decision 1987/13 (E/ICEF/1987/11), taken at its 1987 regular session, the Executive Board adopted the UNICEF Financial Regulations and Rules in accordance with Economic and Social Council decision 1986/1981 of 23 July 1986, as approved by the General Assembly in its decision 41/461 of 11 December 1986.
WFP organized and supported projects supporting training and income generation activities through female-headed non-governmental organizations.
Training of officials, institutional and market reforms, public-private sector dialogues and general information activities carried out over a sustained period, are necessary for inculcating a welcoming attitude towards foreign investment.
29. The Board had before it a note by the Director-General on the International Centre for Science and High Technology (IDB.18/16 and Add.1 and 2).
That reputation has only been earned because of the excellence and independence of its reports.
The Special Representative notes with regret such evident approval for this form of punishment from such a source in the executive.
In the case of such organizations, one or more of whose member States is a Party to this Protocol, the organization and its member States shall decide on their respective responsibilities for the performance of their obligations under this Protocol.
On the basis of the profiles, distributed in both English and Somali, the Project conducted a series of public consultations with political and civic leaders between January and March 1998, culminating in a set of commonly agreed priorities for collective action and research, which include basic institutions of government, reintegration of various dislocated social groups (internally displaced people, female-headed households), provision of social services, and various aspects of economic rebuilding.
Economic concentration: definition and sphere of application
In fact the number to be fed had fallen to 920 by September 1997; however, the terms of the contract required the mission to pay the cost of feeding a minimum of 1,080 people and the Board estimates that the contract terms resulted in excess payments amounting to at least $300,000.
65. No provision is made under this heading, since the budget of the Logistics Base will be presented separately to the General Assembly.
In each case, the estimate is the difference between a “without measures” scenario (numbers in parentheses) and a “with measures” or “IMA-measures” scenario that takes agreed climate protection measures into account wherever possible.
At the same time, respect for and observance of human rights is a precondition of sustainable development and democracy (see also chap. XII below).
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL
Between 0650 and 0655 hours Israeli forces fired four 155-mm artillery shells which fell at Wadi al-Qaysiyah from their position at Bawwabat Mays al-Jabal.
6.6.3.3.3.1 The values of Re and Rm to be used shall be the specified minimum values according to national or international material standards.
The process for the formulation of the medium-term plan shall include:
Item Initial estimates(a) Revised estimates
- Preparation of the Expert Group for Inter-Regional Eurasian Cooperation to be held in 1998;
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations: report of the Fifth Committee (A/52/745) [120]
Report of the Secretary—General submitted pursuant to Sub—Commission resolution 1996/16
These briefings should be arranged [as soon as possible]/[immediately] after such meetings or informal consultations.
Federation of International Civil Servants’ Associations
The announcements in this section are reproduced as received.
The Parties shall broaden cooperation with a view to improving the effectiveness and strengthening the role of the United Nations as the universal body for maintaining world peace and security.
Donor Governments need to consider funding United Nations assistance in Somalia in light of these new circumstances, to ensure that emergency as well as transitional and early developmental needs are sufficiently addressed.
In 1995, more than 470,000 indoor-cultivated cannabis plants were seized in the Netherlands.
Following the symposium, the Task Force decided to start the process of drafting a Competition Bill with assistance from competition consultants and in close cooperation with UNCTAD.
Delegations are kindly requested to submit names, indicating the specific panel for which they are being proposed, to the Division for the Advancement of Women (DC2-1216), no later than Friday, 31 October 1997.
156. The IMO Guidelines provide practical guidance on procedures to be followed by all the authorities and persons concerned in order that the return and repatriation of a stowaway may be achieved in an acceptable and humane manner.
The views of the representatives who spoke during the Committee’s consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary records (A/C.6/53/SR.3, 4 and 26).
The many restrictions imposed on the media, in particular the vaguely defined offences, are incompatible with article 19, paragraph 3, of the Covenant.
159. Special Conference of States Parties to the Biological Weapons Convention in connection with a protocol on verification measures [Final declaration of the Special Conference of the States Parties]
Work on this programme is carried out by UNU/WIDER;
For the next eight days Danh Teav was denied any outside contact, despite repeated requests by his lawyer and wife to see him.
In order to increase the role of women in decision-making, UNIFEM and UNICEF jointly organized in the north-west and central zones two training workshops on women’s role in conflict resolution.
In order to prevent any such reoccurrence, the Field Administration and Logistics Division had requested the Procurement Division to obtain from the Federal Aviation Authority of the United States, or from the relevant civil aviation authorities, certified copies of all relevant aviation certificates and documents stipulated in the request for proposal each time a bid was submitted.
45. Over the past year, the efforts of the United Nations international staff were, to a large extent, directed towards capacity-building in the management of clearance operations at the headquarters level, together with facilitating the effective execution of clearance operations at the brigade level.
I would be grateful if you would arrange to have the text of the present letter distributed as a document of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly, under agenda items 36, 37 and 87, and of the Security Council.
(b) Full and equal access to international documents in the field of human rights, including the State’s periodic reports to the bodies established by the international human rights treaties to which it is a party, as well as the summary records of discussions and the official reports of these bodies.
25. When required, transitional arrangements for the provision of United Nations support to the ongoing development of a sustainable national/local capacity in mine action should be identified and clearly defined at the earliest stage in order to ensure a smooth transfer of responsibilities.
The Committee for Programme and Coordination commended the efforts made to improve the quality of the report and to review performance within the context of the Medium-Term Plan for the period 1992–1997.
23. The work undertaken in 1998 allowed United Nations staff to increase their knowledge of the system.
Verification of hours flown and constant review and revision of aviation requirements were other examples of recommendations made to the Department of Peacekeeping Operations during the period.
France provided the information on correspondence only, and Belgium and Switzerland did so partially.
1. A proposal was made to the effect that the permanent members of the Security Council, collectively or individually, should commit themselves, in a legally binding manner, not to resort to the veto or to the threat of its use beyond actions taken under Chapter VII of the Charter.
The report of the Subcommittee was issued as document A/AC.105/698.
The studies were major inputs to the OAU-sponsored seminar on inter-African migration held in Cairo.
It is the strong hope of the Committee that a constructive debate will take place in the interest of the specified objectives and that wide consultation will pave the way for the unanimous adoption of a General Assembly resolution in this regard.
See section C of present annex for additional information.
2. Also stresses that the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation provide a sound basis for effective monitoring and evaluation if implemented in all parts of the Organization;
(g) Fund of the United Nations Environment Programme;
29. Paragraph 32. Although the number of resolutions adopted by the General Assembly has decreased slightly, from 328 at the forty-ninth session to 311 at the fifty-first session, there has been no corresponding drop in the number of reports requested of the Secretary-General.
Rapporteur: Mr. Hassan Kassem Najem (Lebanon)
(ii) Claims received during this four-year period shall be treated as provided under paragraph (a) above, if appropriate;
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL
Item 6 of the provisional agendaE/CN.7/1997/1.
The documents prepared for the fifth session of the SBI are listed in annex I to the present document.
Thus, having this facility has avoided the purchase and running cost of two additional earth stations.
The Support Group will maintain 110 vehicles up to 15 October 1998 and 10 vehicles during the liquidation period.
87. The Board welcomes the establishment of the Programme Management Information System to monitor activities and looks forward to further progress in resource planning.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Another speaker said that Spanish-language stations should receive radio programmes through the Internet. Several delegations drew attention to the need for increased United Nations Radio broadcasting in Russian, as well as for publications in that language.
13-15 December Barcelona IV Euro-Med Forum (NGO)
By their very nature, BITs constitute "lex specialis", applicable only between the contracting parties and not to third parties.
Their decision to allocate funding to these organizations in order to strengthen their activities should be supported.
(d) Assistance to the Palestinian people:
Consideration of effective measures to enhance the protection, security and safety of diplomatic and consular missions and representatives
Having considered the reports of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in LebanonA/52/804 and A/52/806 and Add.1. and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,A/52/860/Add.6.
Contributions from Denmark, Norway, Sweden and the United States also enabled the Office to develop additional efforts linked to the Machel Study follow-up strategy, including the establishment of four regional policy officers for refugee children, the action for the rights of children training programme and conflict resolution and peace education initiatives.
(b) Upgrade economic and social databases in developing countries and improve access of their research institutions to global databases;
Reports on the value of non-expendable property purchased by the implementing agencies out of UNEP funds should be obtained and the value of such property should be disclosed to the notes to the financial statements (para. 15).
After crossing the border, the children are handed over to another person who poses as a brother, uncle, or friend.
Where these are found to be inadequate, the weaknesses, their causes and possible effects should be fully documented and promptly communicated to the audited organization.
For this reason, the Government of Denmark objects to the said reservations made by the Government of Lebanon.
4. The Advisory Committee notes from annex I to the performance report (A/52/722) that the unliquidated obligations for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997 amounted to $134.9 million, which constitutes almost half of the total estimated expenditures of $265.1 million (gross).
IV. Current and proposed staffing table
Local council elections are to take place on 5 December 1998.
(iv) Phasing out of market imperfections, fiscal incentives, tax exemptions and subsidies in all greenhouse gas emitting sectors that run counter to the objective of the Convention; and
Lecture The UNDP Office of Development Studies (ODS) will hold an informal lecture entitled “Municipal Finance in Developing Countries” on Wednesday, 17 December 1997, from 1.15 p.m. to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
1. The Executive Director of the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) submits herewith the financial report of UNICEF, accompanied by 12 statements and 12 schedules, for the biennium ended 31 December 1997.
Note verbale dated 29 May 1998 from the Permanent Mission
Annexes I. Summary of the final disposition of assets
She concluded that under those conditions and given the continuous Israeli damaging measures, the peace process has created a partnership which works to the advantage of one party, Israel, at the expense of the other, namely, the Palestinians. Round table II
Contributions received for the period amounted to $234,258,759.
Programme recommendations are often prepared in excess of the input available from general resources.
17. Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the workload indicators are monitored and checked for accuracy and consistency;
Furthermore, one of the comparative advantages of the Office is its ability to respond on a timely basis to changes in demand.
The international community must commit itself to providing the tools to avert the vicious cycle: violations of human rights lead to conflict, which results in new violations, and soon.
It was generally recognized that these changes would have to be pursued in a phased manner, taking into account the gradual need for more staff, office space and equipment to carry out the additional functions assigned to the Geneva office.
Replace the paragraph with paragraph 8.8 (d) of the current medium-term plan
STATEMENT The Convention relating to the Status of Refugees and the other relevant international instruments clearly define refugee status.
15. UNRWA continued to cooperate with the Governments of Jordan, Lebanon and the Syrian Arab Republic and with the Palestinian Authority in providing services to Palestine refugees throughout the area of operations, a subject covered in greater detail in chapter II of the present report.
Their functions and users differ considerably.
For 1997, only 22More responses to the questionnaire for 1997 are expected by the end of 1998. States had returned the questionnaire at the time the report was being drafted, and 6 of them had reported not having made or received requests under the articles concerned.
Training and development of personnel for field assignments is now ongoing both at Headquarters and, as far as practicable, in the field.
Paragraph 32 of the report indicates that the prototype could be limited to one duty station.
Although the policy of the Government of Cyprus is to protect and maintain all cultural, historical and religious monuments in Cyprus, this policy is unfortunately not adhered to in the illegally occupied areas controlled by Turkish troops, where my Government has no control.
40. Attempts have been made to “measure” violations of human rights.
204. It was noted that there was a good balance in the new narrative between traditional and electronic media.
52. The Committee takes note of the willingness expressed by the State party’s delegation to strengthen the national machinery for the advancement of women and to engage non-governmental organizations in the realization of the goals of the Platform for Action adopted by the Fourth World Conference on Women.
Community involvement in land-use management is essential because the capacity of authorities to enforce the regulations will always be limited.
In order to increase the effectiveness and efficiency of existing financial mechanisms, a global mechanism is established to promote actions leading to the mobilization and channelling of substantial financial resources.
IDB.18/Dec.13 Options for the collection of unpaid assessed contributions from the United States Government
1. Reiterates the importance of the United Nations activities at the regional level to increase the stability and security of its Member States, which could be promoted in a substantive manner by the maintenance and revitalization of the three regional centres for peace and disarmament;
Between 1735 and 2350 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several shells directly at outlying areas of Yatar and the Mu`aytah woodland from their positions at Jabal Balat and on Tahrah and Rum hills.
169. UNU/IIST is providing 50 developing country institutions with technical reports, information on international software literature and free software.
This is reflected in the absence of any special temporary measures to remedy the situation, as well as the lack of Government willingness to consider any such measures.
Tariffs and non-tariff measures, as well as direct financial support for exporters, are being dismantled in the new trading system and economic policy framework.6.
Arrangements can be made for satellite transmissions.
In these circumstances, the concept of “governmental succession” under traditional international law is not at all applicable to the case of the Republic of China.
Kindergartens were operating at most centres.
Financing of the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi
(iii) The most economically advanced developing countries should consider providing trade preferences to LDCs.
Counsellor and later promoted to Minister in the Permanent Mission of Ecuador to the United Nations, 1959-1964.
Permission to speak on a motion to reconsider shall be accorded only to the mover and one other supporter, after which it shall be put immediately to the vote.
“Expressing also its concern that financial and economic turmoil has aggravated the existing poverty and put a large number of people back to conditions of poverty in developing countries,
The Secretary-General has the honour to transmit to members of the General Assembly a brief interim report on the human rights situation in Burundi prepared by Mr. Paulo Sérgio Pinheiro, Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights, pursuant to Commission on Human Rights resolution 1998/82 of 24 April 1998 and Economic and Social Council decision 1998/274. A/53/490 Annex
In that connection, the Special Committee intends to improve and strengthen its dialogue and cooperation with the administering Powers.
This has significantly enhanced support for national human rights initiatives.
30. UNIFEM worked with SADC to address the issue of women being vastly under-represented in development activities and policies in the 14 States that make up SADC.
For instance, in Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Centre has just completed a multifaceted programme that addresses all the above aspects.
of any opinion whatsoever on the part of the Secretariat of the United Nations.
Please rest assured that, on our side, we shall not spare our efforts to do so.
Meanwhile, many developing countries, including some of the poorest, remain subject to the crushing burdens of external debt.
32. The National Cooperative Council of Hungary reported that after the transformation of the cooperative system, owing to the so-called Unified Cooperative Law of 1992, there were some acts restricting the autonomy of cooperatives, primarily the agricultural ones, and in particular, their right to dispose of their properties.
The total reports now in production number 255, while 90 are under development and 115 still need to be developed.
At its twenty-eighth session, held at Geneva from 20 to 24 April 1998 (GESAMP Reports and Studies No. 66), GESAMP issued a statement included as annex X to the report promoting a more balanced public appreciation of the diverse human activities that can result in damage or risk of damage to the marine environment.
14. Further, information on the distribution of Lysol indicates that approximately 375,000 litres had been released from UNHCR warehouses before the Government failed to issue further import clearance in early December 1993.
(g) Letter dated 9 October 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Panama to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the declarations adopted at the Twelfth Summit of Heads of State and Government of the Rio Group, held in Panama City on 4 and 5 September 1998 (A/53/489);
Action on all draft resolutions was taken at the 22nd to 31st meetings, from 3 to 6 and on 9, 10, 12 and 13 November (see A/C.1/53/PV.22–31).
UNJSPF Secretariat of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund and the United Nations Staff Pension Committee
Commission on Trade in Goods and Services, and Commodities
In the past, a range of political, institutional and physical constraints have hampered efforts to promote greater regional integration in Africa.
5. Concern was expressed at the absolute and proportionate decline in technical assistance activities in least developed countries, in contrast to the priorities agreed on at Midrand.
Objective: to establish or strengthen national coordinating mechanisms and bodies or inter-ministerial committees and make them fully operational.
The Bureau, therefore, during the fifty-second session of the General Assembly, prepared document A/AC.247/1998/CRP.4, which took into account earlier discussions.
It was noted that such a policy framework should be determined in close coordination between the government and the private sector.
20. FDI flows to developing countries reached an estimated 85 billion dollars in 1997 – or five times their level in 199015.
Expressing its concern at the difficulties facing the Middle East peace process which started at Madrid on 30 October 1991 and which is based on Security Council resolutions 242 (1967), 338 (1973) of 22 October 1973 and 425 (1978) of 19 March 1978 and the principle of land for peace,
Compliance with those regulations was strictly enforced with penalties and the Japanese industry had been making great efforts to avoid incidental catch of seabirds, including development of seabird by-catch reduction measures.
The 26-year-old woman was convicted of committing a racist act, supporting a terrorist organization, attempting to give religious offence and of attempted vandalism. She was also convicted of endangering life by throwing stones at Arab drivers on 28 June.
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 145.
For this reason the Section now has a suboffice in Kigali, Rwanda, in addition to the main office in Arusha.
“... the treaty bodies have an important role in seeking to prevent as well as to respond to human rights violations.
Finally, the European Institute for Crime Prevention and Control, affiliated with the United Nations (HEUNI), is publishing the European and North American Analysis of the Results of the Fifth United Nations Survey of Crime Trends and Operations of Criminal Justice Systems (1990-1994).
Furthermore, the type of debt that required restructuring was different: in the case of Mexico, debt took the form of short-term government bonds, while in the three most affected Asian countries, it was short-term debt contracted by the private sector from foreign banks.
The Chief of Staff continued to be a despised Rwandan Commander.
Cost of commercially supplied electricity, water and fuel.
(c) Ensuring that the resort to anti-dumping duties, countervailing duties, phytosanitary and technical standards are subjected to effective multilateral surveillance so that such actions respect and are consistent with multilateral rules and obligations and are not used for protectionist purposes;
18. Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples (item 18).
All members of the diplomatic and international community are welcome to call the Commission for assistance throughout their stay in New York.
UNHCR has worked very closely with the Government of Rwanda, United Nations agencies and operational partners in this regard.
3. Macroeconomic policy questions [95] (A/52/284, A/52/ 347, A/52/447-S/1997/775, A/52/460, A/C.2/52/4)
Furthermore, it stressed that adequate resources would need to be allocated for this exercise.
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
4. In accordance with past practice, the Board agreed that the regional coordinators and China, as well as the Chairmen of the Sessional Committees, would be fully associated with the work of the Bureau.
55. Preparatory Committee on the Establishment of an International Criminal Court, sixth session [General Assembly resolution 51/207]
11. Some 30 per cent of these amounts is based on standard ratios and costs contained in the Standard Ratio/Cost Manual, while the remaining 70 per cent covers mission-specific requirements and other items that vary from the standards.
On 25 October, 50 Turkish military aircraft (38 F-16, 8 F-4, 2 CN-235 and 2 KC-135) entered the Nicosia flight information region, violating international air traffic regulations.
Any replies which may subsequently be received will be reproduced in an addendum to the present report.
(e) All staff with supervisory/managerial responsibilities are required to have additional goals that relate to managing human and financial resources; leading, motivating and developing staff; and demonstrating gender and cross-cultural responsiveness;
The Committee also noted the special request contained in paragraph 9, which reads as follows:
Others proposed using the term “registered” also in reference to “hypothèque” and charges of the same nature.
General statements were made by the representatives of Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Community) and the Russian Federation.
Mindful of the proclamation by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/149 of 12 December 1997 of 26 June as United Nations International Day in Support of Victims of Torture,
(a) Adoption of the report of the Conference of the Parties on its third session;
41. Cooperation between IFAD and NGOs effectively began in 1980 with the Fund’s support to the Small Farmer Agricultural Credit Project in Bangladesh.
(d) External debt crisis and development
It was also pointed out that such an approach would run counter to the current trend of the General Assembly which, in its resolution 51/243 of 15 September 1997, had decided to phase out all gratis personnel by the end of 1998, and it would also run counter to the provisions of Article 101 of the Charter of the United Nations.
6. Annex IV to document A/52/680/Add.1 indicates that of the amount of $18.4 million in unliquidated obligations, $11.4 million relates to Governments and $6.9 million to others.
It pointed out that coastal fisheries in small island developing States, once abundant, had become scarce owing to overfishing by both artisanal and small-scale commercial fishing activity.
47. Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination, fifty-second session [General Assembly resolution 2106 A (XX)]
The international community reacted strongly in opposition to these tests and outlined, in Security Council resolution 1172 (1998) of 6 June 1998, a series of common objectives – or benchmarks – for defusing tensions between India and Pakistan, bringing the two States into global non-proliferation regimes, and strengthening those regimes worldwide.
4. At the 26th meeting, on 11 November, the representative of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland introduced a draft decision entitled “Review of the statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal” (A/C.6/53/L.10).
The representative of Kenya orally revised the draft resolu- tion.
This draft would be discussed at the next session by working group II, which could invite resource persons and non-governmental organizations to take part in discussions incorporated into a revised draft, which would be distributed to all experts before the next session.
Annex I Cost estimates for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999
For example, some ECE norms and conventions in the field of transport had been adopted by a number of those countries.
These 55 exceptions amount to 0.16 per cent of the total of about 35,000 official journeys completed for the United Nations Secretariat and United Nations funds and programmes during the reporting period.
1. The information provided by the secretariat showed significant savings in the 1998-1999 biennium as compared to the 1996-1997 and 1994-1995 biennia.
They therefore expressed hopes that appropriate measures would soon be put into effect to promote a peaceful solution of the Afghan conflict through serious dialogue between the various factions.
There should, therefore, be no distinction between the role of the members of the Committee and the observers, except in the case of voting, as stipulated in paragraph 3 of rule 72 of the rules of procedure of the Economic and Social Council.
Item 82. Letter dated 18 December 1992 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/24996).
Both revenue and allocation considerations in the economy prompted the PA to solicit assistance from different sources, including UNCTAD, in designing and developing an appropriate and effective system of customs administration.
Took note of the progress report on technology and technology transfer prepared by the secretariat (FCCC/SBI/1997/1).
Noting with appreciation that voluntary contributions have been made to the Missions by certain Governments,
All these activities are expected to continue and in some cases intensify over the medium-term future.
A total of 202 journalists are accredited with the Tribunal.
30. UNDP intends to work more closely in partnership with non-governmental organizations, women’s organizations and community-based organizations and will promote greater gender equality in procedures, structures and functions of governance.
376. The Committee recognizes with satisfaction that the Convention serves as a framework for both the National Programme for Women and the National Human Rights Commission and that the efforts to implement the Convention are implicit in the National Development Plan.
40. The Secretariat also promotes grass-roots involvement in the implementation of the Convention by facilitating and coordinating activities related to the involvement of affected communities in the implementation of the Convention, as well as by promoting initiatives for dissemination of information on the Convention implementation.
At 1930 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the South.
The Committee notes with concern that remnants of the former totalitarian rule persist and that the human rights situation in Belarus has deteriorated significantly since the Committee's consideration of the State party's third periodic report in 1992.
Children living in low-income settlements often have four times higher morbidity rates than their richer counterparts in the same city.
In this context, it shares with UNDP a perspective which views mine pollution as a development problem with long-term consequences and, necessarily, with long-term solutions which extend far beyond initial humanitarian concerns.
13. Also at the same meeting, the representative of the United States of America requested that draft decision A/C.5/52/L.26 be put to a vote.
Each one has also been issued a locker in which documents are delivered whenever counsel are in Arusha.
The estimate under this heading represents the difference between gross and net emoluments, that is, the amount of staff assessment to which United Nations staff members are subject in accordance with the Staff Regulations of the United Nations.
Action on draft proposals A/C.3/52/L.27, L.28*, L.29* and L.30
C. United Nations System-wide Special Initiative for the Implementation of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s
In mid-1998, UNDP placed 18 UNV gender specialists in UNDP field offices.
74. Five years after the World Conference, the Special Rapporteur on the question of torture stated his disappointment at the high incidence of torture in many countries, while noting that it has substantially diminished in some, notably where United Nations field operations are in place pursuant to a peace agreement (see E/CN.4/1998/38).
Association of the Tchoutkotka people “Awan”
12. At its resumed 45th meeting, on 18 December, the Committee had before it a draft decision entitled “Impact of the implementation of pilot projects on budgetary practices and procedures” (A/C.5/53/L.31), submitted by the Chairman following informal consultations.
The Board found the procurement procedures were in accordance with United Nations financial rules;
Emergency response and relief, care and maintenance
“(a) Killing or seriously wounding another person, or causing substantial damage to the environment or property”.
The lack of corresponding knowledge and experience, the lack of specialists, particularly in the sphere of law and economics, was more than obvious.
17. United Nations Logistics Base, Brindisi
If each of these forms constitutes an international crime then the category itself may also be so characterized.
4. At the time the General Assembly initiated the work of the Committee, the principal concern was the hazards of radionuclides in the environment as a result of the atmospheric testing of nuclear weapons.
A case study on the promotion of trade and investment cooperation between the Association of South- East Asian Nations (ASEAN) and ECO, undertaken by ESCAP at the joint request of the Secretaries-General of ECO and ASEAN, was submitted to the executive heads at their third consultative meeting.
22. Regarding the conclusions contained in paragraphs 36-37 of the conference room paper on the promotion of judicial cooperation, statements were made by the representatives of Argentina, Belgium, Bolivia, India, Peru, Portugal and Sweden.
37. Implementation of comprehensive settlements.
Written amendments and proposals submitted by delegations
40. ICAO – Committee, one hundred and fifty-eighth session
He stressed the need precisely to define the purpose of the study.
According to reports by UNICEF, a marked reduction in school-age children attending school has resulted from drastically increased primary and secondary school fees.
Material for insertion in the Journal should be addressed to Room S-1138
(d) The distinction that might be drawn as to whether directions by the Chairman applied to administrative priorities and conduct or to the technical responsibilities of the secretariat.
In other words, the deficit situation and the cash problem had become more closely interlinked.
In recognition of the fact that the United Nations provided the vast majority of contingent support for these liquidating missions, no reimbursement for self-sustainment will be authorized on a retroactive basis;
A comparison of estimated and actual hours flown by the two helicopters is shown in table 3.
10. Apart from the August 1997 measures, UNRWA’s financial difficulties continued to have a negative effect on the quality and level of services provided to beneficiaries.
Following recommendations of the Operation Lifeline Sudan review, the Humanitarian Aid Forum (HAF) was established in August 1997 as the principle coordination structure for Government areas.
Furthermore, the Committee expresses concern at the possibility, mentioned above, provided for in article 172 of the Penal Code to sentence children to corporal punishment at the sole discretion of the judge, in particular with regard to the "bad or good character" of the child in determining the penalty to be applied to the child, and at the possible limitations of the right to legal counsel.
C. Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
The interception occurs either high in the Earth’s atmosphere or well above it in outer space.
(a) United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission
Governments should trace, monitor and curtail assets derived from the clandestine manufacture of ATS (see paragraph 40 below).
(a) Contributions made each year by Parties on the basis of an indicative scale adopted by consensus by the Conference of the Parties, and based on such a scale of assessments of the United Nations as may be adopted from time to time by the General Assembly, adjusted so as to ensure that no Party contributes less than 0.01 per cent of the total, that no one contribution exceeds 25 per cent of the total and that no contribution from a least developed country Party exceeds 0.01 per cent of the total;
Table 1 Current and future commercial remote sensing satellites belonging to various countries
Development up to the definition phase has been carried out by CNES.
The experience of UNDCP and its partners during the biennium 1996-1997 has led to a better understanding of the drug-control situation in the various regions, the relative strengths and weaknesses of the parties involved in drug control, and new and better approaches and strategies to tackle such a complex and rapidly changing phenomenon.
At 1830 hours the client militia fired three 81-mm mortar shells and directed several bursts of medium-weapons fire at Wadi Bisri from its positions on Anan and Rum hills.
In all three cases, the Board has restricted the scope of its opinion because it was unable to obtain sufficient evidence, in the form of audit reports from Governments and non-governmental organizations, that funds advanced to them for national execution projects had been expended for the purposes intended.
To this end, the occupation authorities have pursued a systematic policy of intellectual stultification by replacing the Syrian Arab school syllabus with an Israeli syllabus and according priority to the teaching of Hebrew at the expense of the students’ Arabic mother tongue.
This corresponds to an elasticity of 1 with respect to the fuel consumption for space heating.
The Secretary-General shall sign international agreements.
The unencumbered balance was the result of: (a) the phased repatriation of military contingent personnel and military observers beginning in January 1997 in connection with the transition from UNAVEM III to the United Nations Observer Mission in Angola (MONUA); (b) delays in the recruitment and replacement of international and local civilian staff and United Nations volunteers, resulting in a combined average vacancy rate of 11.8 per cent during the period; (c) the movement of military and civilian personnel from the more costly rented commercial premises to mission-owned prefabricated accommodation facilities; and (d) the utilization of existing inventories for miscellaneous supplies, which reduced requirements to purchase additional supplies during the period.
A/AC.96/905 Report of the Twelfth Meeting of the Standing Committee (23-25 June 1998)
156. The Committee is very concerned about religious and customary laws and practices in the family context that violate women’s human rights.
1. Question of review and possible revision of the Principles Relevant to the Use of Nuclear Power Sources in Outer Space
14. Cooperation with the Arab Fund for Economic and Social Development (AFESD) was undertaken in the framework of ESCWA activities in community development, human development and poverty eradication.
(d) Annex to the Memorandum of Understanding on the determination of funding necessary and available for the implementation of the Convention (see document FCCC/SBI/1997/21, annex I, 6);
1. At its 3rd plenary meeting, on 15 September 1998, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-second session the item entitled “Pattern of conferences” and to allocate it to the Fifth Committee.
In this sense, the Government of Egypt is planning to grant tax exemptions to banks which provide loans to SMEs.
3. Intergovernmental Authority on Development
Action taken in the first quarter of 1996.
In particular, the Committee is concerned at the absence of legislation regulating child labour providing for a minimum age for employment, the absence of a clear definition of the minimum age for criminal responsibility, the low minimum age for sexual consent, the lack of harmonization between the different ages of sexual consent among the four States, and the lack of legislation on neglect, abuse and sexual exploitation.
(i) Emergency or simplified scheduling processes;
The Secretary-General requests that the item be considered directly in plenary meeting.
The submission to the General Assembly would be in the form of a revised fascicle of the proposed programme budget of the United Nations.
The Special Rapporteur also received complaints of ill-treatment during detention.
The initiative supported the construction and equipping of two schools in peri-urban areas where the majority of war-displaced people live.
Kyrgyzstan and the countries of the Great Silk Road region
283. The Committee notes that Cambodia is facing many difficulties that have an impact on the implementation of the Convention.
“42. One delegation raised the issue of the banana trade and expressed discontent with the World Trade Organization ruling that preferential treatment of African, Caribbean and Pacific (ACP) countries contravened the World Trade Organization’s principles.
The Committee is concerned that Arab women citizens of Israel have in some cases been required to relinquish their citizenship should they marry a Palestinian and apply for residence in the occupied territories.
(d) Separation of duties: no one staff member should control all key aspects of an event or transaction.
Even where such support programmes are intended for all enterprises, as in Singapore, they started as SME-targeted programmes; the coverage has been widened by raising the eligibility threshold because of the need to respond to the requirements of growing local enterprises.
2. The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its resumed 68th meeting, on 26 June 1998.
Under the supervision of the Chief, Engineering Section, the incumbent would be responsible for providing backstopping and administrative support; drafting, processing and tracking requisitions and material request orders for the provision of engineering materials and/or services; maintaining case files; monitoring the procurement and delivery process and tracking engineering expenditures in the Mission; updating information in computerized tracking system on requisitions; and assisting in the drafting of reports and correspondence.
35. In regard to the process of integrating information centres with field offices of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), many speakers agreed this should be done on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration the views of the host country, with the understanding that the information functions and the autonomy of the centres would not be adversely affected.
463. Recognizing that the transformation of social values and creating a culture of respect for the human rights of women is a lengthy process, and that implementation of these rights must take place at national level, she described several country-based initiatives of the Development Fund concerning the Convention.
– Control and interdiction of trafficking and distribution;
According to the organization, “the reduction in this number from previous years hides another trend, which is the increasing number of short-term arbitrary arrests”.
The project covers institution-building and water quality and ecological monitoring in six countries – Benin, Cameroon, Côte d’Ivoire, Ghana, Nigeria and Togo.
28. UNICEF has made significant investment in training packages in communication for use in developing countries in accordance with recommendation 7.
249. The representative noted that a Women’s Commissioner on the Human Rights Commission had been designated for the first time in New Zealand.
1. At its 3rd plenary meeting, on 15 September 1998, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-third session the item entitled “Report of the Economic and Social Council” and to allocate to the Second Committee the relevant chapters of the Council’s report.
The overall heating rate, dT/dt (K/min), due to fire engulfment is calculated by equation (4):
(f) Experience and capacity of the institution in supporting research activities and in facilitating the transfer, acquisition, adaptation and development of environmentally sound, economically viable and socially acceptable technologies.
63. On 1 January, thousands of Palestinians held rallies in Gaza, Ramallah and other West Bank towns to celebrate the Fatah Day.
Participation would be limited, essentially to ministers.
B. Original output by the Department available only on the Internet
27. Table 2 shows that 27,978 work-months, that is 58 per cent of the total work-months utilized, were committed for the implementation of activities that generate final outputs under the major categories of parliamentary services, published material and information services.
On 29 November 1947, the General Assembly approved, by a two-thirds majority that included Panama, the creation of two sovereign and independent States clearly defined by boundaries, one for the Jewish people and the other for the Palestinian Arab side.
15.12 The convergence of macroeconomic policies observed in recent years has been fostered by a marked trend towards deregulation, liberalization and structural reform in most economies in the region.
In the case of such organizations, one or more of whose member States is a Party to the Protocol, the organization and its member States shall decide on their respective responsibilities for the performance of their obligations under the Protocol.
Organizations are combining their efforts for staff training.
We, the Ministers for Foreign Affairs of Brazil, Egypt, Ireland, Mexico, New Zealand, Slovenia, South Africa and Sweden, have considered the continuing threat to humanity represented by the perspective of the indefinite possession of nuclear weapons by the nuclear-weapon States, as well as by those three nuclear-weapons-capable States that have not acceded to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, and the attendant possibility of use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
The issue was deferred for further study.
The only remaining criterion is the series of the Staff Rules under which staff are appointed.
(d) Business practices/trade facilitation 11
9. The Mine Action Service of the Department of Peace-keeping Operations (hereinafter referred to as the United Nations Mine Action Service), is the operative focal point within the United Nations system for all mine-related activities.
7. The Committee recommended to the General Assembly that it:
A great many delegations supported the broad objectives of the new orientation for the field of information, as contained in the report of the Secretary-General.
54. Accordingly, and in keeping with the commitment made at UNCTAD IX to search continually for new and innovative ways to help the development debate keep pace with international priorities, South Africa wished to urge UNCTAD to seriously consider further examination of innovative “positive measures” under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) to promote the goals of sustainable development.
II. Agreed conclusions on services infrastructure for development and trade efficiency assessment
40. As the analytical work on trade efficiency developed, it became clear that it would have significant consequences at the policy level.
“(c) Measures to uphold the authority of the 1925 Geneva Protocol;
The Secretary-General pointed out in his report that such restrictions were not in line with the practices in United Nations peacekeeping operations, and could have a negative public relations impact on the peace process.
Another suggestion considered was that the adjustment should be available only to Member States falling below the threshold for the low per capita income adjustment.
It continues to call upon all Governments to investigate and clarify past cases of enforced or involuntary disappearances, to bring the perpetrators to justice, to exhume mortal remains and to pay adequate compensation to the victims and their families, taking effective measures to prevent enforced disappearances even in emergency situations.
482. With regard to adoption, the Committee recommends that appropriate legal and institutional steps be taken to fully harmonize law and procedures, at both the national and international levels, with the principles and provisions of the Convention.
The job for the Commission might therefore be as much educational as it was technical.
The changing balance between the public and private sector raises concern about equity and access to services, especially for the most needy populations.
The Department’s related activities are reported to the General Assembly on a regular basis and to other intergovernmental bodies under each specific area or issue.
226. The Committee is concerned that the constitution of the United Republic of Tanzania did not explicitly define gender discrimination.
“5. Calls for concrete and concerted actions by the international community to create an enabling economic environment to assist developing countries to combat the negative impacts of globalization and marginalization and to reactivate the development process;
United Nations standards of logistic support (Working Group report, para. 74)
The overthrow of President Tejan Kabbah and the seizure of power by a revolutionary council, which immediately demanded that Nigeria return Foday Sankoh, put an end to a fragile peace and caused a resumption of violence.
United Nations Institute for Disarmament Research publications for the period from July 1997 to June 1998
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the right of peoples to self-determination, A/53/280.
(n) To maintain close relations with international organizations, international non-governmental organizations and multilateral francophone associations which are active within the sphere of competence of the Agency, so as to maximize the benefits of all initiatives and coordinate common action;
Between 1400 and 1450 hours Israeli forces fired 10 120-mm mortar shells in the direction of Mashgharah to the south, and eight 120-mm mortar shells in the direction of outlying areas of Ayn al-Tinah to the east, from their position at Rayhan.
(a) Full implementation of these regulations, as they pertain to the medium-term plan;
In that connection, consideration was given to the issues described below.
The Council also endorsed the Commission’s recommendations to the General Assembly to request the Secretary-General to designate as Secretary-General of the World Conference the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and to declare 2001 a year of mobilization against racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance (Council decision 1998/251).
5. In the light of the adoption of draft resolution A/C.2/53/L.57, draft resolution A/C.2/53/L.20 was withdrawn by its sponsors.
5. In connection with paragraph (c) above, the United Nations Group of Governmental Experts is tasked to consider and make recommendations to the Secretary-General on “the possibility of an international conference on illicit arms trade in all its aspects”, taking into account those views submitted to the Secretary-General by Member States.
(m) When the most economical means of shipment is by surface, the entitlement may be converted to unaccompanied shipment by air under conditions established by the Secretary-General.
Convention on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property
D. Voluntary contributions and trust funds
The Corner, which will stay in place during 1998, displays books, posters, cartoons, videos and messages on human rights issues by the Secretary-General and the High Commissioner.
(a) Coordination issues related specifically to peace-building activities should be a regular agenda item to be discussed during the Secretary-General’s “cabinet” meetings between United Nations departments;
5. Welcomes the translation and dissemination of the Declaration of Principles on Tolerance in many languages;
184. Security Council Commission established under Security Council resolution 446 (1979)
On the basis of the repatriation schedule beginning in January 1997, it was projected that an unutilized balance of $363,400 would be realized from the average troop strength of 5,702 (or 68,428 person/months).
8. The Special Representative continues to be concerned about the infrequency of responses from the Government and has raised the problem with the Iranian authorities with a view to improving cooperation in this area.
But the government-private sector dialogue in the country may need to be further strengthened, particularly with regard to the formulation of policy frameworks for enterprise development, investment, trade and finance.
Recalling also that the main purposes of the Decade, according to its resolution 44/23, should be, inter alia:
93. ECLAC, twenty-seventh session [Economic and Social Council resolution 106 (VI) and decision 1985/188 and ECLAC resolution 465 (XX)]
(i) Organization of six expert group meetings (of 20 participants each) to exchange experience regarding the monitoring of and reporting on national efforts to implement the Copenhagen Declaration and the Programme of Action of the World Summit for Social Development, and identification of obstacles to effective implementation and monitoring of progress;
The unutilized balance of $301,900 was attributable to: (a) lower actual requirements resulting from the repatriation of contingent personnel in the second half of the reporting period; and (b) the utilization of existing inventory, which reduced requirements to purchase additional supplies.
28. The proportion of the resources committed to activities that do not generate “final outputs” in the fields of International cooperation and Coordination, harmonization and liaison was 14 per cent (the same percentage as in 1994-1995), that is 6,734 work-months.
International Fisheries Instruments with Index, a publication prepared jointly by the Division and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) is due later this year.
A survey specialist normally spends two weeks conducting the survey in the field and five to six weeks for preparatory arrangements and processing of survey results.
Published in the Proceedings of the eighty-sixth annual meeting of ASIL, pp. 544-550.
The intercommunal talks, which went on for decades and produced no tangible results, could not be the new process.
79. Steps should be taken to ensure full and equal enjoyment by women of the rights and freedoms guaranteed by the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and their equal participation should be encouraged at all levels of political, social and economic life of the country.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives: report of the Third Committee (Part IV) (A/52/644/Add.3*);
“11. Also reiterates the importance of maintaining the momentum towards increased trade liberalization, particularly as regards products of interest to developing countries, and of giving it attention in the work leading up to the third Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization; further liberalization should be sufficiently broad-based to respond to the range of interests and concerns of all members of the organization, particularly the developing countries, within the framework of the organization; in this regard, invites the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development to provide analytical support and technical assistance to developing countries for their effective participation in multilateral trade negotiations and for formulating a positive agenda for future trade negotiations;
His Excellency Sheikh Jamil Ibrahim al-Hegelan, Secretary-General of the Gulf Cooperation Council, also attended.
129. The Committee took note of the report contained in documents A/53/122 and Add.1.
16. Urges Governments to strengthen national programmes to combat trafficking in women and girls through sustained bilateral, regional and international cooperation, taking into account innovative approaches and best practices, and invites Governments, United Nations bodies and organizations, intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the private sector to undertake collaborative and joint research and studies on traffic in women and girls that can serve as a basis for policy formulation or change;
The mandate has subsequently been extended by the Security Council in its various resolutions, the latest of which was resolution 1151 (1998) of 30 January 1998, which extended the mandate of UNIFIL to 31 July 1998.
The Netherlands subsequently nominated an expert.
(d) Parties to identify and agree to implement strategies to ensure climate change considerations are taken into account in all relevant Government policy areas and initiatives and include an evaluation of the effects thereof in national communications (Article (4.1(f));
Furthermore, too much burden is put on the official sector in providing bail-out finance for private creditors without sufficiently involving the latter in an equitable burden-sharing arrangement.
The cost of the Investment Management Service space would therefore be fully charged against the assets of the Fund.
These external flows went directly to domestic stock markets through pension funds, mutual funds and other investment vehicles.
7. At its 29th meeting, on 30 October, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.10 without a vote (see para. 18, draft resolution I).
6.6.2.12.1 The spring-loaded pressure-relief device required by 6.6.2.8.1 shall have a minimum cross sectional flow area equivalent to an orifice of 31.75 mm diameter.
1. Opening of the session The seventh session of the SBI will be opened by the Chairman at 10 a.m. on Monday, 20 October 1997.
Participants in advisory meetings are not dealt with in this report.
Given the complex, interrelated nature of these problems, the search for solutions must have a strong regional foundation, with more decisive international support.
Environmental costs comprise the costs of steps taken, or required to be taken, to manage the environmental impacts of an enterprise’s activity in an environmentally responsible manner, as well as other costs driven by the environmental objectives and requirements of the enterprise.
$(1,638,454) being the unpaid pledges for future years as at 31 December 1995 (ref. schedule 1.1 of the audited accounts)
UNIFEM, for example, has secured inter-agency participation on programmes to collect data disaggregated by sex in South Asia and advocate for women’s land rights in East Africa.
Of course, we have to be clear what we have in mind when we speak about "the interests of development", in terms, not only, of economic growth but of the integration of countries into an international network of distribution of trade, of technology exchange, and of managerial skills.
Others noted that positive measures in the context of specific MEAs should be considered by the respective Conferences of Parties (CoPs).
15. Notes with appreciation that the overall utilization factor for 1997 exceeded the benchmark of 80 per cent, in particular at Geneva and Vienna;
61. Board of Trustees of the United Nations Voluntary Fund for Indigenous Populations [General Assembly resolution 40/131]
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT AND INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC COOPERATION:
To that end, the Secretary-General again sought the assistance of the Rector of the United Nations University, who, at his request, made available a highly qualified expert, Mihaly Simai, to assist in the preparation of the study.
The Mission stated that it was introducing procedures in an attempt to prevent delays and avoid improprieties in processing requisitions.
The focus must be on identifying people and facilities that are essential for minimizing damage and putting a management structure in place that will effectively address problems.
As regards office space costs, the amounts requested were based on the standard charges assessed by the United Nations.
The prior period adjustment of $78,582 reduced the excess to $133,250.
50. An audit of UNHCR’s information technology management found its initiative to develop an Operations Management System to be appropriate, but that more attention should be given to system development and changes to existing systems for the Euro currency and Year 2000 problems.
Inclusion of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in OSCE and other international organizations would significantly enhance stability in the region, provided that the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia fully shares its responsibility along the well-known European norms for the overall situation in the country and in the region.
As at 31 July 1998, there were 33 States parties to the Second Optional Protocol, an increase of three in the past year.
Letter dated 27 February 1998 from the Chairman of the Board of Auditors to the President of the General Assembly
Global partnership for development: high-level international intergovernmental consideration on financing for development
The contribution made by different sectors to CO2 emission reductions varies significantly from country to country.
The Commission decided, in accordance with "A Partnership for Growth and Development", to convene in 1998 three expert meetings on the following topics:
Table 7 provides detailed information on the use of retirees in 1995 by department or office and by engagement.
6.6.5.1.4 Tests shall also be repeated after each modification which alters the design, material or manner of construction of large packagings.
From domestic violence to brutalization in war, from harmful traditional practices to outright female infanticide, the status quo remains intolerable.
High drop-out rates, at both the primary and the intermediate school levels, also adversely influence the employment potential of Djibouti’s youth.
This was carried out, inter alia, through its network of United Nations information centres and services in 67 countries, which produced radio and television programmes and collaborated with non-governmental organizations (NGOs) to highlight issues related to the implementation of the Beijing Platform of Action.
The opposite view was that, owing to the rapidly changing technical background of electronic commerce, the matter did not easily lend itself to the rigid approach suggested by an international convention.
Each Party not so listed shall make its initial communication within three years of the entry into force of the Protocol for that Party.
46. At the 190th meeting, on 17 November 1997, a Vice-Chairman announced that, effective 31 October 1997, Ambassador Agathocleous had left the Cypriot Mission and therefore could not continue as Chairman of the Committee.
28. At the beginning of their transition to free market economies, the former socialist countries faced the immense challenge of elaborating a totally new legal and administrative framework for almost all aspects of life, including cooperative arrangements.
They could also have a positive effect on trade efficiency in that they place new demands on trade-related services, but they could at the same time highlight inefficiencies in the trading system not previously experienced.
international trade and transportation and improved drug trafficking methods
Violations of the right to freedom of association
Recalling its resolution 47/134 of 18 December 1992, in which it reaffirmed that extreme poverty and exclusion from society constituted a violation of human dignity and stressed the need for a complete and in-depth study of extreme poverty, based on the experience and the thoughts of the poorest,
(b) Current organizational and management concepts;
(f) Provide counselling and guidance to procurement staff on the use of the Reality system in relation to procurement activities.
The Meeting of the Parties shall, as soon as practicable, make recommendations on the definition of such performance indicators, taking into account relevant work being done by other bodies.
It stressed again that the problem of impunity, unless corrected, will continue to undermine efforts to establish the rule of law as well as public confidence in the judiciary.
(a) Operational activities for development of the United Nations system
56. In the environmental sector, UNDP is extending assistance to the Government for the formulation of a local Agenda 21.
On the other hand, the private sector - and transnational corporations in particular - had established their own standards regarding trade, investment and transfer of technology.
This progress illuminates the need for assistance to Somalia to be adapted to the varied realities of each geographical region and underlines the fact that any credible assistance programmes for Somalia must reflect the differing environments within which United Nations operations are undertaken.
22. A working paper entitled “Guidelines on conventional arms control/limitation and disarmament, with particular emphasis on consolidation of peace in the context of General Assembly resolution 51/45 N” was submitted by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, on behalf of the European Union (A/CN.10/1998/WG.III/WP.3).
It also requested the secretariat to propose arrangements for the communication of views by heads of United Nations programmes and agencies, IGOs and NGOs.
“5. Deplores the violations by Israel of the Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War, of 12 August 1949; “6.
This approach included the following steps: (a) terminating all locally employed civilians on the basis of the 70/30 per cent cost-sharing formula agreed by the United Nations and United Kingdom; (b) paying the attendant termination benefits and allowances; and (c) rehiring the most competent and efficient staff as locally recruited staff in the General Service and other categories.
It also notes that in addition to the list of offences which are under the jurisdiction of the special courts, the Minister of the Interior and the Office of the President of the Republic have discretionary authority to refer any other cases to these courts.
The extent of rise in international cocaine trafficking can be seen in maps 5 and 6.
I spoke briefly about our efforts to improve good management.
Summary records cover the proceedings in a concise, abbreviated form. They are not intended to include each inter-vention, or to reproduce statements textually.
By the end of 1996, 60 joint ventures with foreign partners had been established in the hospital sector.
Emphasizing that legal measures alone are not sufficient, the Committee notes the failure of the Government to undertake comprehensive and systematic public awareness and information campaigns to change stereotypical attitudes that are detrimental to women’s equality.
In such cases, the case may be brought to annul agreements which contravene articles 7 and 8 under article 9 of the Act.
“(g) To provide advice to departments in developing performance measurement standards and analytical performance reports.”
The Chief Executive Officer shall also serve as Secretary of the Board.
29. One instrumentality employed by SU/TCDC that is particularly noteworthy is the TCDC programming exercise, also known as capacity and needs matching exercises.
In February 1998, I recommended a significant expansion of the programme and the Security Council subsequently authorized Iraq to increase oil sales up to $5.256 billion over six months, compared to $2 billion in each of the previous three phases.
Labour unions are protected by the Labour Union Law of 1949.They have the rights of a corporation and a special tax system is applied to them.
Programme 16. Economic development in Europe
Progress was made in four specific areas. First, a policy analysis unit was established in mid-1998 to conduct research and analysis that would contribute to enhancing strategic planning capabilities and the efficiency and effectiveness of Agency programmes.
4. The coordination between the Commission on Science and Technology for Development and other relevant United Nations bodies, including the regional commissions, should be improved and made more effective.
In accordance with the above-quoted paragraph 4, it will enter into force when it is accepted by the required number of States parties which shall have so notified the Secretary-General. Annex II
Report of the Secretary-General on the work of the Organization
In conjunction with the observance of Human Rights Day and the launch of the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, a two-day International Journalists Roundtable on Human Rights will take place on 8 and 9 December 1997 in Conference Room 6.
189 The system-wide annual financial implications associated with the Commission’s recommendations regarding the education grant system were estimated at $660,000 and $515,000 (a total of $1,175,000) for the maximum admissible expenditures and increases in boarding costs, respectively.
The Committee regards this as essential in helping to determine future policies in that regard.
They may be necessary when the distinctive nature of cooperatives requires special provision in law to safeguard their autonomy while achieving their equal although distinctive inclusion in generally applicable regulations.
The reports by the secretariat have four chapters: first, the economic environment of the Member, second, the trade and investment policy framework, third, trade policies and practices by measure, and fourth, sectoral trade policies and practices.
17. During the period under review, 110 alleged violations of the right to life were recorded and 109 proved to be founded (28 extrajudicial executions, 42 attempted executions and 39 death threats).
Update of the United Nations System-wide Action Plan on Drug Abuse Control (even years)
II. Consideration of draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.65
(a) The report on implementation of the Convention at the next review of progress achieved in the implementation of Agenda 21 by the General Assembly in the year 2002;
It is still early for analysis of their impact, but a discussion is provided in addendum 1 to the present report.
Although about 100-200 villagers in all gathered there, we could only get four or five women draftees for the ‘voluntary service corps’.
The Convention was still subject to a large number of reservations and even though laws and policies to implement the Convention had been introduced, de facto implementation was still impeded by entrenched attitudes that were in contradistinction to the principles of the Convention.
Special attention will be given to ensuring effective coordination and collaboration, especially in the efficient use of resources and joint activities.
12. Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraph 11 above, their respective share in the Tax Equalization Fund of the estimated additional staff assessment income of 625,400 dollars approved for the Missions for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998;
The overall policy framework for the programme is based also on the programmes and platforms of action adopted by the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development and the nineteenth special session of the General Assembly on the overall review and appraisal of the implementation of Agenda 21, the Global Conference on the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States, the International Conference on Population and Development, the World Summit for Social Development and the Fourth World Conference on Women.
The Roma population are a matter of particular concern.
In drug-producing countries, it works with Governments and rural communities to facilitate a transition to legal alternative crops and promotes sustainable agro-industrial sectors.
Secondly, there is a need to utilize fully the additional courtrooms made possible by donations from Member States.
(b) To decide on the treatment of the remaining unencumbered balance of $14,646,100 gross ($13,906,700 net) for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998;
10. Because of their similar professional responsibilities, it is not surprising that IAEA and the Committee have a history of close cooperation.
Recalling Security Council resolutions 983 (1995) of 31 March 1995, by which the Council decided that the United Nations Protection Force within the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia should be known as the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force, and 1142 (1997) of 4 December 1997, by which the Council extended the mandate of the Force for a final period, until 31 August 1998,
• Nuclear technologies for detection and for treaty verification.
Installation of automatic electrical main failure switches at the Logistics Base
The fellowship programme is one of the activities carried out by the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea within the framework of the United Nations Programme of Assistance in the Teaching, Study, Dissemination and Wider Application of International Law.
82. The Board of Auditors wishes to express its appreciation for the cooperation and assistance extended to its staff by the Executive Director and staff of the United Nations Office for Project Services.
Upon instructions from my Government, I have the honour to refer to the letter dated 11 March 1998 addressed to you by the Greek Cypriot representative at the United Nations (A/52/839-S/1998/260), which contains allegations regarding cultural property in the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.
The Committee was informed that draft resolution A/C.3/52/ L.2 contained no programme budget implications.
Other activities directed at children also included videos, radio shows and puppet theatres.
Do quantitative data exist for evaluation of economic benefits?
A key factor contributing to the effectiveness of competition laws and policies has been the possession of enough information by competition authorities.
29. During the liquidation of UNTAES, the civilian staff will be reduced as follows: from 820 to 589 posts by the end of January 1998, to 405 posts by the end of February and to 288 posts by the end of March, to 239 by the end of April 1998, to 176 by the end of May 1998 and to 48 by the end of June 1998.
It had signed some 20 bilateral investment treaties and was party to an increasing number of regional agreements dealing with investment.
It had before it a document FCCC/SB/1997/INF.1, which had been prepared by the secretariat.
The core programme resources for the current programme cycle amount to $94.5 million, with approved non-core resources estimated as of mid-1998 at $149 million.
On occasion, the term is taken to mean that the production of goods has become more diversified, with one part of a product being made in one locale and another part elsewhere.
The legal regime of the Caspian has until now been regulated by treaties between the Soviet Union and the Islamic Republic of Iran under which the Sea was divided between the two countries.
The views expressed by the Working Party at that time would be transmitted directly to the Committee on Programme and Coordination (CPC) and the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (ACABQ).
The quantity of explosives dropped over Iraq amounts to seven times the destructive power of the nuclear bomb that was dropped on Hiroshima in Japan.
Jason will be the name of this new mission.
It may be recalled that the Bureau has recommended that, given the timing of COP 3 late in 1997, COP 4 could be held early in 1999 (FCCC/1996/INF.4).
35. Over the past three and a half years, the Department has achieved the integration of approximately 30 United Nations information centres with field offices of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
It is hoped that those verdicts will serve as the first step on the path to eradicating impunity.
The Special Representative also takes note of efforts by the Rwandan Patriotic Army to assist international organizations in bringing food to displaced populations.
Training and research: United Nations Institute for Training and Research: report of the Second Committee (A/52/631) [100]
It had before it a note prepared by the secretariat (FCCC/SBI/1997/4).
The Board is concerned at the absence of planning documentation from the field offices, and recommends that the United Nations Office for Project Services ensure that procurement plans are drawn up for each project, detailing items to be purchased and indicating a likely timetable for action.
In that endeavour, it has worked closely with other substantive departments of the Secretariat, as well as with the funds, programmes and specialized agencies of the United Nations system to identify information priorities, formulate appropriate information programmes and project a unified message of the United Nations in order to tackle a wide array of global problems and concerns.
The view was expressed that paragraph 2.22 should be reformulated or that references should be deleted to: “constructive dialogue with the international community at large”, “information on technology”, “advocacy in support of a global ban on landmines” and the “development and implementation of a comprehensive resource mobilization strategy”.
I would like to start this letter by congratulating you on your re-election as the Greek Cypriot President.
Everybody in the United Nations knows well the modest and small facilities in which the President of the General Assembly has to work.
Obligations may be maintained either for that period or until liquidated or cancelled.
A. Income distribution at the international level
The data provided by these tests are critical to validate our capabilities in the design of nuclear weapons of different yields for different applications and different delivery systems.
The recorded expenditure relates to the purchase of: (a) 98 desktop microcomputer systems at a cost of $2,100 per system, including freight charges ($206,200); (b) 2 Lotus Notes servers at an average cost of $19,300 per server ($38,600); and (c) various software packages ($18,200).
11. Urges the Secretary-General to exert all efforts to ensure that publications, as well as other public information products of the Department of Public Information, contain comprehensive, objective and equitable information about the issues before the Organization and maintain editorial independence, impartiality, accuracy and full consistency with resolutions and decisions of the General Assembly;
27. Two informal panels were held, one on the economic and the other on the social aspects of globalization.
Due from the United Nations General Fund
Venue of the twenty-eighth session of the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean
In view of this, the Committee recommended that overall coordination of the work of the Organization be undertaken when the programmes are formulated.
We have come to the conclusion that the GM, in order to be effective, should be hosted by an International Financial Institution, especially in light of recent INCD negotiations on the further elaboration of GM functions.
25. Welcomes the contribution to the work of the human rights treaty bodies made by the specialized agencies and other United Nations bodies, and invites the specialized agencies, other United Nations bodies and the treaty bodies to continue to pursue further cooperation between them;
53. The Commission emphasized that the above changes proposed to the rules of procedure had been agreed to by all participating parties to the discussion, members of the Commission and members of the Working Group, except for FICSA, which had maintained its observer status; those changes contributed to the consultative process without detracting from the substance of the Working Group’s original proposals.
Statements were made by the representatives of Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union), Egypt, Monaco and China.
12. In keeping with the Department’s role in developing and implementing the information and communications programmes of the Organization, I should like to stress the need to continue the close working relations that exist between the Department of Public Information and other substantive departments of the Secretariat.
It is further suggested that the State party request international cooperation in this regard from, among others, the United Nations Children's Fund.
The latter disorient society, disconcert people and provoke blind opposition to truly necessary and beneficial causes.
(b) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the programme of work of the Joint Inspection Unit for 1996-1997 and the indicative list for 1997-1998 (A/52/559 and Corr.1);
These could include voluntary agreements with the car industry, complementary measures aimed at developing the market for fuel efficient, low CO2 emitting cars as well as alternative fuels and fuel economy labelling;
“Report of the Expert Meeting on Existing Agreements on Investment and their Development Dimensions” (TD/B/COM.2/5-TD/B/COM.2/EM.1/3)
expenditure for peacekeeping operations for the
Noting that the GM should strive towards identifying and promoting innovative sources and mechanisms for CCD finance, the following modalities are presently envisaged for the GM, to be applied in conjunction with IFAD as appropriate.
In New York, a special event featured several notable speakers, including the First Lady of the United States of America and Nobel laureate Wole Soyinka.
Enterprises are frequently required to undertake site restoration once the activity has been completed.
At 2155 hours the minion Lahad's militia fired illumination flares over Sfariyah from its position at Rum hill.
2. Issue of coordination and cooperation between UNCTAD and relevant international organizations . 54
122. Non-governmental organizations and research organizations specializing in gender and development issues had been consulted during the preparation of the report and were also active in promoting gender equality.
When economic growth rates fell in 1996 and 1997, some of the largest chaebols were unable to meet debt obligations and became illiquid or insolvent. which in turn placed great pressure on the banks since their large clients could no longer meet their obligations.
(b) Communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention.
largely as a result of the attitude of the States concerned.
(t) any dispute between co-owners of the ship as to the employment or earnings of the ship;
274. On 7 January, the High Court of Justice, sitting as a rare nine-justice bench, heard petitions by two Palestinian security detainees against interrogation methods allegedly amounting to torture employed against them by GSS.
(5% of total A, less United Nations subvention)
The police reported that one border policeman was slightly injured by a stone.
The Committee continued its consideration of the second periodic report of the Dominican Republic (E/1990/6/Add.7).
In one case, involving a total amount of $7,234, vehicles were rented out for personal use, there was misuse of petty cash and the improper purchase of cell phones, software and services.
(b) nominations come from the countries listed in Annex IV;
The development of appropriate control strategies should be tailored to the needs of the individual country and region.
14. Again requests the Secretary-General to continue to use his best endeavours in cases where the minimum standard of legal safeguards provided for in articles 6, 9, 14 and 15 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights appears not to have been respected;
AFRICAN GROUP: GROUP OF EXPERTS ON ECONOMIC MATTERS
75. Spare parts, repairs and maintenance.
7. In the report of the Executive Director on the review of the working methods of the Commission (document HS/ C/ 16/ 4), it is recommended that the Commission establishes an ad hoc open-ended working group to consider all the relevant articles of the Commission's rules of procedure, with a view to reconciling them with the decision which will be taken by the Commission pursuant to paragraph 223 of the Habitat Agenda.
Under the terms of resolution 50/83 of 15 December 1995, those authorized retained surpluses were reduced proportionately by a total of $15.3 million to offset in part the waiver of South Africa’s unpaid contributions to various peacekeeping operations for the period from 30 September 1974 to 23 June 1994.
The Board, therefore, recommended that, as part of the ongoing reforms, the administration determine and implement the optimum ratio of personnel engaged in programme activities to those engaged in administration and management (ibid., paras. 117-119).
The crime statistics would indicate that they have not achieved the desired effect and that, moreover, in their activities they have not refrained from committing violations (see para. 40). In the past, we had reported on activities by specialized squads which the army participated in or led.
“Israel’s position on these resolutions has been set forth in successive annual replies submitted to the Secretary-General in recent years, the latest of which being Israel’s note verbale of 28 July 1997.
2. An international network of seismic stations would add significantly to confidence in the ability to detect and locate the source of underground nuclear explosions, whenever conducted.
23. After the adoption of the draft resolution, statements were made by the observers for Indonesia (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China) and Austria (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union).
Programmes which copy a successful diversification endeavour launched, for example, by a neighbouring country, or respond to sudden surges in world prices which can be temporary, may easily backfire because markets can easily be saturated or products substituted.
UNFPA had erroneously assumed that losses of project equipment need not be reported to the Board.
The model is a good example of successful institutional public/private-sector cooperation involving political, social and economic actors for creating an environment conducive to enterprise development.
278. The Committee expresses approval of the fact that Indonesia has established a Ministry for Women in the 1970s, even before its ratification of the Convention.
Report of the Global Environment Facility to the Conference of the Parties at its third session
(e) Negotiations in respect of the above will take place in Cyprus in the presence of the Secretary-General's Deputy Special Representative.
243. The State party has not provided any information on the demographic composition of the Libyan population, although the Committee requested it when it considered the State party’s tenth periodic report in 1989.
35. Capacity-building requires a more systematic approach within the United Nations system.
The comparative advantage of UNDCP in assisting with the development of drug-control responses is grounded in its multilateral and impartial character, valued by recipients particularly in the context of legal and judicial reform, and its coordination of international drug-control cooperation.
NGOs which meet certain criteria are recommended by the Working Group to the Policy and Planning Committee for approval.
1389. The following persons made statements during the introductory part of the day: Ms. Akila Belembaogo, Chairperson of the Committee on the Rights of the Child; Mr. José Ayala-Lasso, United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights; Mr. Thomas Hammarberg, Vice-Chairman of the Committee on the Rights of the Child and Rapporteur for the day of general discussion; Mr. Paul Ignatieff, Director, UNICEF Geneva Office; Mr. Neil Boothby, Senior Coordinator for Refugee Children, UNHCR; Mr. Carlos Arnaldo, Chief, Free Flow of Information and Communication Research, UNESCO; Ms. Angela Penrose, Save the Children-UK, on behalf of International Save the Children Alliance; Ms. Gunilla von Hall, a journalist with Svenska agbladet; and Ms. Bettina Peeters, Deputy Secretary-General, International Federation of Journalists.
2. In this exercise, Mexico shares the belief that it is very important to provide the Court with the necessary tools to deal with the growing volume of cases.
1980 Arab Capital in the Arab States States Regional Binding Adopted
Universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination
These rules and instructions have not been issued, however, on the grounds that they would impinge on the autonomy of municipalities.
34. Encourages international financial institutions to continue to review and revise policies, procedures and staffing to ensure that investments and programmes benefit women, and invites the Secretary-General to include information on any such steps in his annual report on follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women, to be submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session;
International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO (Part IV, section 11B)
"[5. Requests the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures to ensure the full implementation of paragraph 8 of General Assembly resolution 51/233, stressing that Israel shall pay the amount of 1.7 million dollars resulting from the incident at Qana on 18 April 1996;]
Furthermore, the Committee expresses its concern at the lack of specific mechanisms to register and address complaints from children concerning violations of their rights under the law and the Convention.
In addition, the Panel is of the opinion that embarking on the type of investigation required to deal with Egypt’s request would not be compatible with the nature of the work of the Commission.
Details on the breakdown of the allocation of resources by region, sector, execution modality and location for 1996-1997 and 1998-1999 by cost and volume changes are contained in table 1.
(a) Report of the Secretary-General (A/51/950, Add.1 to 5 and Add.6*)
[MULTILATERAL TREATIES DEPOSITED WITH THE SECRETARY-GENERAL]
A. Integral rehabilitation through coordination of programmes for basic social services
Noting that each developing country Party shall make its initial communication within three years of entry into force of the Convention for that Party, or of the availability of financial resources in accordance with Article 4.3 and that Parties that are least developed may make their submission at their discretion,
The Committee began consideration of the item and had before it the documentation listed in the Journal.
The Committee notes that the reservations entered by Finland upon ratification of the Covenant with respect to articles 10(2)(b) and (3), 14(7) and 20(1) are still in force and recommends that consideration be given to the withdrawal of these reservations.
These might include restrictions on deportation where victims are prepared to act as witnesses, and witness protection measures.
146. Status of the Protocols Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 1949 and relating to the protection of victims of armed conflicts
Later in the year, the Governments of the Netherlands and the United States of America supplemented by a donation from Canada, offered assistance for a joint project to construct a third and expanded court facility, which would accommodate joint trials of up to six accused.
54. UNEP was also involved in a number of joint activities with the Water Sector Coordination Unit of the Southern African Development Community (SADC), geared towards building capacities of SADC member States in the development and management of water resources.
At the request of the SBI (FCCC/SBI/1997/16, para. 16 (c)), at its sixth session, and on the basis of responses received from Annex I Parties, the secretariat has prepared the schedule of the in-depth review (IDR) of their second national communications.
196. It was observed that some of the activities under subprogramme 1, Promotional services, and subprogramme 2, Information services, appeared to be similar and thus required clarification.
Specialized application software that relates to programmes will improve programme delivery.
102. Under the Organization’s system of proportionate representation, staff directly appointed by the Secretary-General to posts within the Professional category and above are classified as staff in posts subject to geographical distribution.
7. The converging strategic orientation of TCDC and ECDC described above has set the stage for the emergence of new patterns of South-South cooperation that are likely to exercise an important influence on the direction of international development cooperation in the current climate of globalization.
The experience of SEBRAE in Brazil is an example of a professional institution which keeps itself informed of its clients’ needs and the effectiveness of its service delivery.
The Assembly furthermore requested the Secretary-General, in collaboration with the secretariat of UNCTAD, to report orally on the implementation of Assembly resolution 52/182, including developments in the multilateral trading system.
114. What is not theoretical is that molecular biology research has led to the development of many sophisticated techniques that are being used in basic and applied research, development of new products and processes, the industrial production of pharmaceuticals and specialty chemicals, and many other applications.
E. Special session of the General Assembly on the world drug problem
Commemoration of International Day of Families, 14 May 1998
The Chairman noted that a fourth issue under negotiation, the treatment of sinks, had been the subject of intersessional work.
It was considered that similar work to that undertaken by the current Expert Meeting but dealing with existing regional and multilateral agreements on investment is needed to obtain a more complete picture of existing agreements on investment, in pursuance of the mandate of paragraph 89(b) in "A Partnership for Growth and Development".
Subsequently, Chile, Estonia and the Marshall Islands joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Concerning recommendation 9, on the subject of requests for new publications subsequent to those approved in the programme budget and the incorporation of a time-frame, strong opposition was expressed to a “sunset rule” and to the recommendation.
The Assembly would also elect the chairman of the ad hoc committee.
Conditions of service applicable to the staff of the WTO secretariat
Given the smallness of most producers, however, this resulted in a stronger bargaining position for the buyers.
4. Relations between the Supreme Council and other subregional, regional and international organizations
4. Also at its thirty-first session, on the basis of discussion papers presented by its members, the Board examined three topics of acute interest to multilateral disarmament efforts: a new agenda for disarmament, new technologies and their impact on disarmament, and the costs of disarmament.
The working group of the sixty-third session discussed and amended the revised draft and submitted it to the plenary.
E. Status of the special account established prior to 16 June 1993
Similarly, for chicken, while the main markets are for breast and deboned legs, in China and Hong Kong there is a high demand for lower-valued parts such as feet, neck and wings.
C. Working methods of the Special Committee
These include: (a) determination of environmental benefits; (b) modalities for measurement, reporting and assessment; (c) endogenous capacity-building; (d) transfer of environmentally-sound technologies and know-how; (e) considerations of costs; (f) modalities for mutually beneficial incentive structures for involved Parties, acknowledging that there are no credits under the pilot phase; and (h) institutional arrangements.
6. To sign a memorandum on crime prevention.
An amount of $4,100 was also obligated to cover expenditures for post-liquidation maintenance services.
In particular, it welcomes the inclusion of specific monitoring and evaluation procedures for new policy proposals submitted to the Cabinet.
Usable cash for peacekeeping is declining steadily and is expected to end the year at $775 million, which would be the lowest level in five years.
1. The Archives and Records Centre (room PK-1200, ext. 38681 and 38682) is situated at 345 Park Avenue South, between 25th and 26th Streets and provides storage and retrieval services for archives and records of the United Nations, and for archives of UNICEF and UNFPA.
Fawzi Abd Rabu El Shora (Egypt), Ministry of Health, Cairo
Permanent Representative Chairman of the Coordinating Bureau of the Non-Aligned Movement Annex I
Many statistics on the spread of the Internet have been published.
35. Underlines the continued importance for the Department of Public Information of using traditional and mass media channels to disseminate information on the United Nations, and encourages the Department of Public Information to take full advantage of recent developments in information technologies, such as the Internet, to improve, in a cost-effective manner, the dissemination of information on the United Nations, taking into account the linguistic diversity of the Organization;
3. In its resolution 425 (1978), the Security Council entrusted UNIFIL with the mandate of confirming the withdrawal of Israeli forces, restoring international peace and security and assisting the Government of Lebanon in ensuring the return of its effective authority in the area of operations.
Part C provides information on SME research institutions and support agencies which might lead to the establishment of a database with a view to achieving better coordination in SME research and related technical cooperation activities.
288. Concern is also expressed with regard to the insufficient legal framework to fully implement the Convention, in particular article 2, paragraph 1 (d), and article 6.
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 144.
Concerning fisheries zones, the table only reflects the States which do not have exclusive economic zones and whose fisheries zones extend beyond the limits of their territorial sea.
SME support services can also operate on a cost recovery basis whenever possible.
These persons are imprisoned in regular facilities.
OIOS recognizes that UNHCR’s drive to decentralize management of its operations to the field has caused some short-term organizational problems.
With national campaigns in Colombia, South Africa and the Philippines, the working group is a clear example of the increased involvement of non-governmental organizations in the developing world in the movement.
Mr. John Vereker, Permanent Under Secretary at the British
It also stated that the responsibility and competence in the area of inventory and valuation and management lies with the Facilities Management Division.
26. Apparently, in some sub-Saharan African countries, the criteria for defining ethnic groups (territory, language, race) can either be factors for integration and unification or factors for differentiating between different ethnic groups within given geographical areas on the basis of deep-rooted historical and cultural stereotypes. Should such criteria be used to highlight differences, they could result in serious multifaceted conflicts.
A few Governments have indicated a preference for a wider sharing of the cost of the resident coordinator function; this view is usually linked with other suggestions concerning the management arrangements of the resident coordinator function.
The Chairman will invite Parties to negotiate on the text of each section - or parts or groups thereof - and to refrain from general statements of position.
The Administrative Committee on Coordination recalled that it had already considered, in 1996, that, at a time when reform was high on the system’s agenda, it was more essential than ever to have an effective and impartial civil service capable of taking initiative to keep pace with new trends in human resources management and the changing needs of the system.
The attraction of the peg, particularly in the currency board variant, is that it can be a potent tool for fighting high inflation, in which case it can be seen as an alternative to discredited central-bank currency management.
18. Support account for peacekeeping operations
C. Organization of the work of future sessions
Furthermore, the task at hand is now shifting towards implementation and monitoring of results.
(a) The SBSTA noted the need for the provision of technical inputs to its work on methodological and technological issues.
The Economic and Social Council has to play a key role in this process.
Fiscal incentives are in place for the installation of new equipment needed in the use of renewable sources of energy for domestic consumers.
The design specifications for new technologies, however, require reducing uncertainties about future climate changes through improved monitoring and modelling.
If legislation is to be enacted for the purpose of authorizing interrogation techniques, such a law should explicitly prohibit all forms of treatment prohibited by article 7.
The use of tracking systems to cover road and rail transport would be very beneficial to many developing countries as well as developed countries.
The Committee had previously called for this in its general report on 1997-1998 financing requirements for peacekeeping operations (A/51/892, para. 6).
Statements were made by the representatives of Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union), Colombia (on behalf of the Non-Aligned Movement) and the United Republic of Tanzania (on behalf of the Group of 77).
As a mid-term step, the Government set out to increase the development cooperation budget to 0.4 per cent of GNP by 2000.
Non-governmental organizations are often invited to participate on relevant issues.
Further steps are foreseen by the Inter-Agency Standing Committee, including improved training of country teams and sufficient delegation of authority to the field to ensure greater cohesiveness and integration of initiatives.
Other States have been prevented from offering scholarships to Iraqi students, and Iraq has been unable to receive scientific publications and reports.
Radio bulletins on electronic bulletin board
11. Invites the international community to make voluntary contributions to the University, including its research and training centres and programmes, and in particular to its Endowment Fund.
• Greater interaction between the Bureau of the Council and the bureaux of functional commissions is essential.
As from Tuesday, 2 December 1997, and for the rest of the month, the President of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings on the current work of the Council for Member States of the United Nations which are non-members of the Council daily, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
29. As guarantor organizations, the United Nations and OSCE have continued to cooperate closely in providing assistance to the parties in the implementation of the General Agreement on the Establishment of Peace and National Accord in Tajikistan.
810 (XXXI) Strengthening of the multinational programming and operational centres
The Board noted that, even though the judges may have been engaged in the work of their respective tribunals prior to the first regular session of the tribunals, they did not immediately take up residence in their duty stations.
As OHRM delegates day-to-day administrative events to programme managers, it will remain responsible for analysing trends and patterns in human resources management.
The Special Rapporteur appeals for an increase in international cooperation, in self-sustaining development programmes, training and education of local management capacities.
English Page On 27 November 1998, thirteen (13) military aircraft of the Turkish Air Force (10 F-16, 2 KC-135 and 1 CN-235) entered the Nicosia FIR violating international air traffic regulations.
Future recourse to gratis personnel would therefore be covered by the provisions contained in General Assembly resolution 51/243 of 15 September 1997.
4. The Special Committee also decided upon the organization of its work for the year.
The floods, the most devastating in the past 36 years, completely ravaged the food production capacity of important agricultural areas in Bay, lower Shabelle, and lower Juba.
Sheikh Yassin noted that restoration work was an activity undertaken by the Islamic Waqf on an annual basis. (The Jerusalem Times, 31 October)
The Committee also notes from the report that provision for self-sustainment is included under the appropriate budget line items according to the nature of its cost (A/52/805, annex II.C, para. 4).
Principle 35: Restrictions on the principle of the irremovability of judges
V. Action to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session
The report of a seminal 1996 workshop on the Causes and Consequences of Intrauterine Growth Retardation is being published as a supplement to The European Journal of Clinical Nutrition and will be reprinted as an IDECG monograph.
(h) Developing research methodology expertise in the network.
The Committee also stresses the need to strengthen the capacity of the Council to ensure coordination between all levels and to monitor and assess progress achieved and difficulties encountered in the realization of the rights recognized by the Convention, and in particular to monitor regularly the impact of economic transition on children.
39. In order to proceed further, it will be necessary to identify staff with the required knowledge of United Nations budgeting and accounting practices and conference-servicing activities to work in this field.
Furthermore, the Insurance Section was not able to confirm what action had been taken to address the issues raised in the inspection.
42. Projects approved for funding by the Trust Fund address a range of different manifestations of violence against women, including domestic violence and traditional practices recognized as forms of violence against women, such as female genital mutilation and the practice of “honour killings” of women.
II. Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998 — maintenance budget: summary statement
Until recently there has been a lack of awareness of the need for coherent policies for SME development.
Between 1605 and 1635 hours Israeli forces fired eleven 155-mm artillery shells at outlying areas of Jibal al-Butm and Yatar from their position on Ya'kub hill and six 81-mm mortar shells which fell on the area around Jabal Blat.
Provision of medical and dental services and supplies (level–2 medical facility) at the established rate of $76.75 per person–month.
The response received from various parties interested in the development of the strategy points to the need for adopting an approach that builds on specific country demands and capacities and leads to the setting up of regional support mechanisms.
As a result, the missions’ operational plans – such as they were – almost by definition were deficient.
The meeting on health, reproductive and sexual rights scheduled to take place in New York from 9 to 11 December, with the participation of representatives of treaty bodies, was seen as a good opportunity to continue and enlarge this collaboration.
Those discussed below are perhaps the most usual, but they are not the only ones.
(g) To encourage the United Nations agencies and programmes to provide assistance to the Central African Republic, in particular in the areas referred to in the report of the Secretary-General (S/1998/148).
Regarding other aspects of the Commission's work programme, he mentioned the need to use UNCTAD's analytical potential for evaluating country- and sector-specific real economic effects of the Uruguay Round implementation.
“Noting that the first meeting of the States Signatories adopted resolution CTBT/MSS/RES/1 of 19 November 1996 thereby establishing the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization,
In this connection the organization shall provide the necessary evidence that it is concerned with matters falling within the terms of the functions which devolve upon the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) under General Assembly resolution 1995 (XIX) of 30 December 1964.
Six computers are available in the Dag Hammarskjöld Library for the use of mission staff.
Of particular concern were the trade embargo that the United States had maintained against Cuba over the past 35 years and the new Helms-Burton law, which had been rejected by the international community because it violated international trade principles.
It has mapped out a series of public information activities to raise the awareness of individuals and societies of the consequences of drug trafficking and drug abuse.
In our view, there is a need for a panel of experts to make a detailed study of that region.
Convinced that the use of nuclear weapons poses the most serious threat to the survival of mankind,
Consider report of Commission for Social Development
51. The Section also organizes weekly briefings for NGO representatives at United Nations Headquarters, highlighting a different issue of priority concern to the Organization each week.
26. The new Criminal Code, which came into force in 1998, contains provisions that seem inadequate to protect certain rights of women.
In the context of this agreement, rent-free premises are provided for the Force’s headquarters, accommodation to several military companies and sites for five observation posts, military observers stations and one police station.
Frequency counter Multimeter Bench power supply
A follow-up review of programme and administrative practices in ECA is planned for 1999.
23. The Board shared the concern expressed by the General Assembly, the organizations of United Nations common system and staff representatives about the persistent imbalance between the margin levels for different levels in the Professional category.
The Department is also the focal point for the First United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty.
The decision places greater emphasis on a decentralized approach to development and implementation of the programme of work than do the other decisions. It places emphasis on cooperation with relevant international processes, in particular IFF, the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification and the FAO Global Forest Resources Assessment exercise.
The number of detainees in central prisons was 81,213, while 43,770 (excluding military and sector-level civilian detention centres) were held in communal detention centres and gendarmerie brigades.
This is confirmed by the United States State Department, which reports that “in East Timor, military units regularly detain civilians for interrogation; most are held in extra-legal military detention centres, often with no notification of relatives, mistreated for several days and then released”.
The Group reviews such media reports and provides appropriate and timely advice to the Under-Secretary-General for Communications and Public Information.
Moreover, during several informal consultations on the development account, the view was repeatedly expressed that project proposals should contain measurable indicators of progress.
Russia also agrees that it is essential to disarm former combatants in areas of conflict, and to collect and destroy their weapons as a major condition for the normalization of the situation.
In replying to the explanation given by the ACC secretariat that sustainable development was the concept used at the nineteenth special session of the General Assembly on the follow-up to the implementation of Agenda 21, it was stressed again that the concept “sustainable development” was defined in paragraph 23 of Assembly resolution S/19-2 as follows: “Economic development, social development and environmental protection are interdependent and mutually reinforcing components of sustainable development”.
At the regional level, the Programme brings together law enforcement authorities from neighbouring countries to discuss region-specific problems and ways to address them.
Item 133: Financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Liberia;
19. The 1999 share of the 1998–1999 budget approved for UNRWA by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session is some $322.1 million.
Section III - The new dynamics of international trade 12
From this point of view the bringing into service of the second courtroom has made a decisive contribution to improving the design and management of the court calendar.
Army sources revealed that, between 1990 and 1997, 480 people had been killed or injured, including 134 dead and 249 injured civilians.
25. The international community and the United Nations are free to come to Eritrea to investigate the record of the Eritrean Government for themselves.
One delegation welcomed the recent publicity given by the Department of Public Information to the report of the Secretary-General on the causes of conflict and the promotion of durable peace and sustainable development in Africa.
At its 86th plenary meeting, on 2 June 1998, the General Assembly decided, on the proposal of the Secretary-General (A/52/236 and A/52/237), to include the following items in the agenda of its fifty-second session:
22. A matter of particular concern are cases of inadequate or missing cooperation on the part of some Governments with the human rights machinery.
37. The cost breakdown in annex I (column I) shows the resources for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998 contained in the report of the Secretary-General of 4 February 1997 (A/51/793).
12. The purpose of the operational reserve is to cover shortfalls in income and uneven cashflows; professional or contractual liabilities associated with the Office’s services; and personnel contracts financed from the Office’s account.
Informal consultations on agenda item 118 (Joint Inspection Unit (A/51/34, A/52/34, A/51/559 and Corr.1, A/52/206 and A/ 52/267))
Finally, as staff were running out of food and water, it was possible to arrange the evacuation with the assistance of a Member State whose military was evacuating its own nationals.
4. In the case of an extraordinary session held at the written request of a Party, it shall be held not more than ninety days after the date at which the request is supported by at least one third of the Parties in accordance with paragraph 3.
19. Notes that 1999 has been declared the International Year of Older Persons, and calls upon the Office of the High Commissioner to make renewed efforts to ensure that the rights, needs and dignity of elderly refugees are fully respected and addressed through appropriate programme activities;
(c) Organization of four subregional training and transfer workshops: two in Africa, one in Latin America and one in Asia; these workshops are to be preceded by three regional Internet conferences to assess and match supply with demand for expertise and experience.
Noting also the discussion in the Board and its conclusions on the administrative arrangements and on the proposed revised estimates for the administrative expenses of the Fund for the biennium 1998-1999, as set out in paragraphs 194 to 202 and in paragraphs 228 to 244, respectively, of the report of the Board,a
5. As a result of those decisions of the General Assembly, it is proposed to delete programme 7, Economic and social information and policy analysis, in its entirety and to reflect the relevant parts of the programme under a new programme 28, Economic and social affairs.
Thus, taking into account the estimate given in paragraph 4 of last year’s report (A/52/423), the number of displaced registered refugees who are known by the Agency to have returned to the occupied territories since June 1967 is about 17,100.
Cyprus to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
A Latin American and Caribbean regional workshop was held in Jamaica in September 1997 to create a strategy for addressing adolescent pregnancy from a rights perspective and to share experiences and ideas for regional action.
5. As shown in annex I, column 2, the total resources made available to UNIFIL for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997 amounted to $125,722,800 gross ($122,714,600 net).
and the related recommendations of the Advisory Committee in its report, A/52/7/Add.2, para. 7. that provision should be made in the budget outline for expenditures for special political missions related to peace and security expected to be extended or approved during the course of the biennium;
Reference was made to positive experiences in countries that had established “one-stop shops” as a means of promoting foreign investment.
The same can also be said of systematic violations of human rights.
Bethlehem, Palestine, is one of the most historic and religiously significant sites on earth.
A founding membership of 10 accreditation bodies was put in place in 1996. See: UNIDO, op. cit., page 11. ) and the International Accreditation Forum (IAF).
(n) To divide the present article into two articles, the first covering the scope of the Convention and the second giving the definitions; and to redraft the first paragraph of present article 1 (see A/AC.252/1998/WP.25);
Conscious of the desirability of adopting procedures to organize and streamline the communication of information,
It reaffirms their unique contribution to the development and plurality of society (sect. I, para. 20; and sect. II, paras. 28-32).
As regards trade unions, the case-law of the European Court of Human Rights has already enshrined the principle by enabling them to submit to it for consideration a collective labour conflict.
According to information available to the High Commissioner, assistance granted by the Fund in 1997 made it possible to help approximately 59,000 victims of torture throughout the world.
There will be a video-conference (Geneva-New York) on Thursday, 23 October 1997, at 10 a.m. sharp in Conference Room 2, in connection with the joint closing session of the high-level segment of the Trade and Development Board and the Second Committee.
The team had begun operating only recently but the recommendations were already being implemented, including the rigorous selection of candidates for service.
Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights on the question of extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions (draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.41)
The Centre for Human Rights and International Humanitarian Law of Lubumbashi reported serious violations of physical and psychological integrity.
At the same time, it was noted that there were also difficulties with establishing priorities at the subprogramme level because of the new structure of the medium-term plan, whereby many subprogrammes now replaced previous programmes.
On 27 January 1998, a top Indonesian official stated that many firms would need “a temporary pause” in servicing their foreign debt, raising fears of a possible Indonesian debt moratorium.
The Committee considered the item in closed session.
The draft decision was adopted by a recorded vote of 28 to 18, with 1 abstention.
Thirdly, time is needed to carry out the necessary procedures for additional judges to be elected, should this request be favourably considered.
MACROECONOMIC POLICY QUESTIONS: TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT; EXTERNAL DEBT CRISIS AND DEVELOPMENT
(b) An indicator reflecting level of greenhouse gas emissions, defined as the share of CO2 equivalent emissions per capita;
They affirm that they are prepared to continue and deepen such exchanges, since they not only enhance trust and mutual understanding in the bilateral relationship, but also advance the positive process of improving confidence-building measures and securing transparency in the field of Asia-Pacific security.
Action taken by the Preparatory Committee
Humanitarian action can have important political, socio-economic and environmental repercussions.
South Africa also appreciated the initiative by UNCTAD, in cooperation with UNEP, to look at developing-country experiences with the Montreal Protocol, the Basel Convention and CITES.
The International Committee of the Red Cross and IOM also participated.
Statement XIV. International Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons
Access to legal and judicial services as well as efficient functioning of the system are issues.
Significant progress in drug control cannot be made without that balanced approach.
The Committee adopted the revised draft resolution, as orally revised, without a vote.
Half of the countries reporting injecting drug use also reported HIV infection among the injecting drug abusers (see map 3, p.10).
1. The Heads of State expressed satisfaction with the development of equal and mutually beneficial cooperation among their countries in various fields and noted the need for the further expansion and intensification of such cooperation on the basis of the development and implementation of specific projects for the well-being and prosperity of their peoples.
Ad hoc provisional rate effective 15 May 1998, not subject to reduction after 30 days.
Women accounted for 62 per cent of all trainees enrolled in technical/semi-professional courses in 1997/1998.
351. On 29 December, it was reported that two farmers from the village of Salfit had been prevented from entering their land because of a new “security” fence near the “security” road around the Ariel settlement.
8. Also at the same meeting, the Chairman stated that, in the light of the adoption of the draft resolution (A/C.5/52/L.27), the provisions of that resolution would apply pari passu to the related scale of assessments applicable for the International Tribunals for Rwanda and the Former Yugoslavia adopted by the General Assembly in its resolutions 52/217 and 52/218, both of 22 December 1997.
In order to address the deficiencies in cash management, the Budget and Finance Section of ECA had been restructured in May 1997 to establish adequate segregation of functional responsibilities to address the weaknesses in internal controls.
Regarding the charges of lengthy security checks and harassment, Mr. Alon stated: “I don’t know anything about security checks, but security is security.
The food industry is a major area where tariff protection will remain frequent and high in the major developed country markets, even after implementation of the Uruguay Round concessions.
388. The Committee considered the ninth to twelfth periodic reports of Jordan (CERD/C/318/Add.1), at its 1288th and 1289th meetings, on 11 and 12 August 1998. At its 1298th meeting, on 18 August 1998, it adopted the following concluding observations.
Finding a balance between the rights and responsibilities of home countries, host countries and investors begins with an appropriate approach towards liberalization and transparency of measures in general, on the one side, and, on the other, a balanced set of commitments between home and host countries, taking into account the definition of investment, the role of home countries in facilitating investment through insurance programmes, incentives or otherwise, the importance of technology transfer and technology upgrading, the importance of high-quality investment especially in priority sectors, environmental and consumer protection, the control of restrictive business practices, performance requirements, the development of local enterprises in host countries and the social responsibilities of investors.
52. By way of a general comment, it was suggested that stronger language should be used in formulating legislative recommendations. The emphasis should be on the major objectives of legislation governing privately financed infrastructure projects; those objectives were to establish sufficient authority for the host Government to enter into transactions for the construction of infrastructure projects with private financing, to reduce the need for governmental approvals to a reasonable minimum and to foster coordination between different levels of government and among different governmental departments.
Thus, recognizing the importance of creating a world-wide movement against child labour and placing child labour issues on top of the global agenda, ILO is actively participating and contributing to the international debate on child labour, such as the international conferences in Amsterdam, Cartagena de Indias, and Oslo.
The meeting succeeded in agreeing upon the procedure for the establishment of a network of regional activity centres.
1046. Finally, in the light of article 44, paragraph 6, of the Convention, the Committee recommends that the initial report and written replies presented by the State party be made widely available to the public at large and that the reports be published, along with the relevant summary records and the concluding observations adopted thereon by the Committee.
FOOD PROCESSING SECTOR IN DEVELOPING COUNTRIES
Participated in bilateral negotiations on the drafting of treaties on legal assistance, extradition, measures to combat terrorism and prevent drug trafficking, and treaties on the elimination of racism and genocide.
ICSC also has the general responsibility to establish policies, formulate guidelines and make recommendations for allowances that are determined by the General Assembly.
at its 66th meeting, held on 17 December 1996 at GenevaPreviously issued as S/AC.26/Dec.39 (1996).
IAW International Alliance of Women XVI(I)
UNCTAD’s Science, Technology and Innovation Review (STIP) and Investment Policy Review (IPR)(see boxes 2 and 3) will serve as valuable sources of information for TEAM.
This allowed for contradictory interpretations by the parties.
The team included experts from Fiji, Romania, and the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).
12. The Committee recalls that the original intention had been to finance the Rapidly Deployable Mission Headquarters through voluntary contributions; to this effect, a trust fund had been established and had received voluntary contributions and pledges amounting to $475,100.
All Parties provided “with measures” projections for CO2 emissions.
465. At its twenty-eighth session, held at Geneva from 20 to 24 April 1998 (GESAMP Reports and Studies No. 66), GESAMP, inter alia, reviewed the draft of the biennial report on the state of the marine environment and the drafts of selected chapters of the report on land-based sources and activities affecting the quality and uses of the marine, coastal and associated freshwater environment prepared by a working group dealing with the subject.
This section evaluates these policies in terms of their implications for accumulation and growth.
1. The Board of Auditors has audited the financial statements of the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), including the greeting card and related operations, for the biennium ended 31 December 1997 in accordance with General Assembly resolution 74 (I) of 7 December 1946.
Effects of atomic radiation [84] (A/52/46, A/C.4/52/L.2)
4. Additional requirements (1 less 2 and 3)
Mr. Ivo Sanader and Mr. Besim Spahic participated in the meeting as observers.
4 On 20 August, General Abubakar announced the membership of the new Federal Executive Council and assigned portfolios to individual ministers on 22 August.
Item 6 Technical cooperation activities:
This conditioning may be disregarded if the materials in question are of sufficient ductility and tensile strength at low temperatures.
One essential lesson, which has broad implications, emerges very clearly from that dynamic experience.
In turn, taking into account the concerns of States most likely to be seriously affected by such measures prior to their adoption would be an essential factor in ensuring the effectiveness of sanctions and minimizing collateral damage.
9. The Special Rapporteur describes recent developments in the Burundi crisis in section I of the present report, reviews the current situation of human rights, especially the conditions of detention and life of the most vulnerable groups, in section II, and presents his observations and recommendations in section III.
of organs and subsidiary organs of the United Nations
He enumerated six reasons why the increase in the private sector, which is the leading sector for investment and export, is not happening and provided suggestions to overcome this problem.
These conclusions should also serve as signposts for action by the UNCTAD secretariat to help member States participate effectively in the multilateral trading system.
They have also initiated programmes and adopted common positions on such issues as regional and subregional cooperation and integration, governance and human rights, democracy, peace, security and stability, debt, and environment, including combating drought and desertification.
38. Following a statement by the Acting Chairman (see A/AC.109/SR.1498), the Special Committee adopted draft resolution A/AC.109/L.1885 by a roll-call vote of 10 to none, with 6 abstentions (see para. 41).
38. In March 1998, with UNDP financial support, the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) completed a study to update the costs of two major civil airports in the country – Roberts International and James Spriggs Payne airports.
STAFFING REQUIREMENTS FOR THE POST-KYOTO CONTINGENCY
(d) Election of officers other than the President;
He also considers it crucial to ensure that the majority of the population should have unhindered access to the major State institutions such as education, justice and the armed forces.
(a) AFRICA (IN PARTICULAR THE SECOND INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT DECADE FOR AFRICA) (GC.7/CRP.3/Add.1; GC.7/16, GC.7/18, IDB.15/6, IDB.16/10, IDB.16/15, IDB.16/16 and Add.1, IDB.17/10, IDB.17/26)
The Committee understands that the introduction of the new procedure of pre-trial court management may affect the number of estimated witnesses.
69. Administrative Committee on Coordination (ACC).
He found the concept of the study very useful.
(c) In April, an agreement of cooperation was signed with Hitotsubashi University of Japan to collaborate in research on global issues;
(xiii) Fund of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme: Supplement No. 5I (A/53/5/Add.9);
47. A certain proportion of resources are devoted to providing various types of operational assistance, usually in the form of advisory missions or training seminars.
They have suffered for too long from the policies of politicians and are demanding to take their destiny into their own hands.
Currently proposed Under-Secretary-General
Noting with appreciation that voluntary contributions have been made to the Mission,
benefits related to the mitigation of climate change that would not have
129. UNCTAD - Commission on Trade in Goods and Services, and Commodities, fourth session [Trade and Development Board decision at its thirteenth executive session (8 July 1996) and General Assembly resolution 51/167]
Concerning subparagraph (d), this delegation felt that, in keeping with the compromise in relation to the MLM Convention, a vessel should not be arrested for claims which arose out of the damage in connection with the carriage of oil or other hazardous or noxious substances for which compensation was payable to the claimants pursuant to international conventions or national law providing for strict liability and compulsory insurance.
In a letter addressed to the Prime Minister on 10 June, the Secretary-General has offered to encourage and facilitate this process.
37. Owing to its direct and far-reaching access and cost-effectiveness, radio remains one of the most important communications media for the United Nations, particularly in times of crisis.
However, the scientific quality of the data is variable and not always known.
During the Soviet era there were limitations on the Saami fishing rights, but the Saami were entitled to use the land and water for their own subsistence.
24. The Government of Ethiopia has also rounded up more than 1,000 Eritreans and interned them in camps.
It should be reiterated that these acts of destruction are being promoted by Turkey in keeping with its policies and long-term expansionist plans against Cyprus.
8. We recommend that youth organizations, in cooperation with Governments, United Nations agencies and organizations, IGOs, and international financial institutions, establish where they do not exist and strengthen existing national, subregional, and regional youth networks and agencies.
As a result of that proclamation, there was enormous upheaval and the region was engulfed in a vortex of tragedy and violence which has lasted for the past fifty years, claimed the lives of tens of thousands of innocent victims, left untold destruction and impeded economic, social and political development in neighbouring States over many long decades.
197. On 16 May, IDF revoked an order declaring Kalkilia, Tulkarm and Jenin off-limits for Israelis.
The Inter-Agency Working Group on Evaluation, which deals with these issues, last met in June 1998.
It relies on an intensive networking process, involving private business networks and social and public networks, including academia.
1. United Nations Mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina (A/51/ 519/Add.5 and Corr.1)
14. In September 1997, the Commissioner-General again convened an extraordinary meeting of the Agency’s major donors and the host authorities and issued a new appeal for urgent contributions to overcome the crisis.
These mission-specific requirements and variations cover 51 items and are described in annex II, part B.
(e) Report of the Secretary-General on office accommodation at the Palais Wilson (A/C.5/52/19 and Add.1 and Add.1/Corr.1).
Special-purpose vehicles and engineering equipment
It was only during the first half of 1998 that the management was able to provide the additional space needed to set up the third courtroom and provide for the additional staff that were expected.
David Musto (United States of America), Yale University - Child Study Centre, New Haven, Connecticut
The Board also thanked the Chairman and members of the Investments Committee for their efforts in the interest of the Fund, particularly during the recent crisis in Asia, and for the frank and comprehensive exchange of views during the joint meeting.
The President shall not permit the proposer of a proposal or of an amendment to a proposal to explain his/her vote on his/her own proposal or amendment, except if it has been amended.
5. The Working Group will be assisted in its work by the secretariats of ICSC and CCAQ, in particular for the following:
Nobuaki Ito (Japan), Minister, Permanent Mission of Japan to the United Nations (Vienna)
61. Experiments with remote interpretation had been carried out between Headquarters and Vienna, Headquarters and Buenos Aires, and between two conference rooms at Headquarters in the case of the Committee on Conferences during its substantive session of 1997.
English CONTENTS (continued) KABLAN, Aka Edoukou Jean-Baptiste . 25
The main result of the session must be a further streamlined negotiating text of the protocol or another legal instrument.
— The powers and responsibilities of the Secretary of State, police and others;
145. It was recalled that the review of the role of the Trusteeship Council had been on the agenda of the Special Committee for two years and that views expressed by Member States, both to the Secretary-General and in debates held in the Special Committee and in the Sixth Committee, clearly indicated the existence of different opinions on the topic.
103. The Special Representative is concerned about the great number of escapes from Cambodian prisons.
27. We recommend that youth organizations commit themselves to develop and implement effective strategies on human rights education.
It has not been able to establish any credibility.
Toye, J. (1995). “The new institutional economics and its implications for development theory”, in J. Harriss, J. Hunter and C. Lewis (eds.). The New Institutional Economics and Third World Development, London/New York, Routledge, pp 49-68.
By decision 1998/267, the Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 1998/70, endorsed the Commission’s decision to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Afghanistan for one year and to request the Special Rapporteur to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session and to the Commission at its fifty-fifth session.
Given financial markets’ current trepidation regarding the soundness of emerging economies, borrowing costs have risen. The fact that investment has been cut back in a number of countries may have longer-term implications for their development prospects.
D. Documents relating to the report of the Economic and Social Council
98. Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997–2006).
As a general rule, no proposal shall be discussed or put to the vote at any meeting unless copies of it have been circulated to delegations not later than the day preceding the meeting.
This means that most developing countries will have to concentrate on markets such as the Middle East/North Africa, the Russian Federation and Eastern Europe, and will have to compete with EU beef which will continue to be sold at subsidized prices in these markets.
Between 1045 and 1130 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the South, the Western Bekaa, the North and Mount Lebanon.
However, work indicators and work norms could be established, it being understood that these could not be definitive since they were projections and could not always be captured in quantitative format.
(on macroeconomic policy questions: items 95(a)
Permanent sovereignty of the Palestinian people in the occupied Palestinian territory, including Jerusalem, and of the Arab population in the occupied Syrian Golan over their natural resources: report of the Second Committee (A/52/632) [101]
Currently, the benefit is terminated upon the remarriage, with the payment of a lump-sum settlement corresponding to twice the annual rate of the benefit.
Before the opening of the general debate in 1997, the Chairman of the Second Committee convened informal consultations to discuss ways to improve the working methods of the Committee.
New and innovative ideas for generating resources for development should be explored.
Regionally, disarmament programmes, the demobilization of ex-combatants and reductions in military-industrial complexes are constrained by the existence of large amounts of poorly regulated and indiscriminately used light weapons and small arms.
30. The resident auditor’s review of case files relating to the provision of bulk water supply, sewage and garbage disposal and the supply of butane gas at Viana Transit Camp and Viana Logistics Base during the period from May to November 1995 revealed several irregularities.
A. Draft decision proposed by the Chairman
These reports provided recommendations to substantive departments on measures to improve current aviation procurement and management, as well as identifying problems with several vendors engaged in United Nations aviation contracts.
20. The Office of Internal Oversight Services believes that the Insurance Section is inappropriately structured and under-resourced.
Recent studies have shown that women "heads of household" are among those in situations of greatest disadvantage and poverty.
At 2225 hours Israeli forces and their client militia fired a number of artillery shells on the environs of Haddatha, Bra`shit and Tibnin from inside the occupied strip.
In view of this, at its second session, the Conference of the Parties (COP) decided that the question of the division of labour between the SBI and the SBSTA should be taken up by the COP, at its third session, on the basis of recommendations made by the chairmen of the two subsidiary bodies.
Establish a clear and durable policy for fixing out-of-area weights (Falls under the authority of the Commission)
A net increase of $5.7 million is anticipated relating to adjustments to the rates of common staff costs in respect of Geneva, Vienna, Beirut, Nairobi, the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East and the United Nations Truce Supervision Organization.
9 February, in Kimbanseke, Willy Tshunza and his fiancée Christine (a Nigerian).
The additional requirements for the year 2000 would be dealt with in the context of the preparation of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2000–2001.
7. Urges States to enact and strictly enforce laws to ensure that marriage is entered into only with the free and full consent of the intending spouses, to enact and strictly enforce laws concerning the minimum legal age of consent and the minimum age for marriage and to raise the minimum age for marriage where necessary;
57. In the Lao People’s Democratic Republic, Christians are said to have been arrested during a Bible study meeting.
2. Also requests the administering Power to continue to assist the territorial Government in achieving its political, economic and social goals;
The proposed programme budget shall be preceded by a statement explaining the main changes made in the content of the programme and the volume of resources allocated to them in relation to the previous biennium and indicating the progress envisaged for all activities with time-limited objectives in implementing the plan.
It expected the relocation, when completed, to facilitate improved management and provide a more rational and cohesive office layout.
This would also promote social participation in the context of municipal autonomy and strengthen the devolution of authority to municipal governments, as set out in the Agreements.
Restructuring of the Central African armed forces was still under way;
Having received no response, the Special Rapporteur is concerned by reports that several such persons still remain incarcerated.
15. Some 32 per cent of these amounts is based on standard ratios and costs contained in the Standard Ratio/Cost Manual, while the remaining 68 per cent covers mission-specific requirements and other items that vary from the standards.
As a result of four sessions being held in 1997 (instead of two, as foreseen during discussion of the programme budget for the current biennium), expenditures relating topolicy-making organs have been approximately 19 per cent higher than anticipated.Despite the heavy meeting schedule, overexpenditure was limited to 19 per cent due to economies of scale, internal reassignment of tasks, the hiring of temporary staff and consultants under other programmes, and chronic overtime of staff.
The Assembly’s decision is subject to affirmative approval, by the Inmarsat Council, of certain commercial documentation and legal conditions precedent to the transfer of business to the company, and the Council was expected to give that approval at its seventy-fourth session in November 1998 (see MSC 69/10/2 and MSC 69/22, para. 10.16).
(a) Project personnel shall observe the working hours established for the duty station, or established by the senior officer in the field in consultation with representatives of other international organizations in the area.
The Assembly was informed that the Fifth Committee had decided to postpone to a later date the remaining two appointments, from the group of African States and the group of Asian States, respectively.
567. The Committee notes that the State party has been deeply affected by years of internal conflict that has gravely disturbed some regions of the country.
(d) Specific proposals on the programmatic objectives and direction of the Development Account, in accordance with the priorities set out in the medium-term plan for the period 1998-2001, taking into consideration the complementarity of the activities of the Development Account with other relevant sections of the programme budget;
All Member States, United Nations bodies and agencies and observers are invited to attend.
A major focus of the research is to assess the potential of telework for ecologically sound urban planning.
Items 4 (b) and (c). Changes in the scope of control of substances and other matters arising from the international drug control treaties
He appealed to the international community for understanding and cooperation, and stated that Nigeria remained an important member of the international system within the framework of the United Nations.
74. Engineering Operations Officer (Europe and Latin America)
Depending on the guidance of the COP, facilitation of Ad Hoc Panels or other meetings on networking of institutions, on benchmarks and indicators and on research priorities, including meetings with a background paper to be written-up by a consultant and participants travel ($271,200).
Constitutional issues (legislative recommendation 1 and paras. 1-4)
This interactive partnership was evident in the design of the Conference, in that Committee II, the "partners' committee", was specially created for partners' hearings on, and commitments to, the Habitat Agenda.
In the early 1990s, when the Trade Efficiency programme was ready to be launched, many developing countries and economies in transition were faced with very uncertain prospects regarding the structures of their economies (e.g. in Eastern and Central Europe) and their potential role in international trade (the conclusion of the Uruguay Round was still uncertain).
The role of smallholder agriculture as the main source of growth and poverty alleviation for Mozambique was emphasized and the importance of the private sector for sustaining high growth rates stressed.
140. Some delegations reiterated that the purpose of item 5 of the agenda of the Legal Subcommittee was not in any way to reopen substantive debate on or to revise or amend the five international legal instruments governing outer space, and that the Legal Subcommittee should restrict itself to reviewing the current status of the accession and adherence of States to those instruments with a view to maximizing such accession and adherence.
Interest and miscellaneous income arising from UNDP, UNFPA and UNEP activities are credited to the operating fund accounts maintained with those organizations.
If the CPI changed by 10 per cent or more since the last adjustment, then a further adjustment would be made as of 1 October of that year.
Its current mailing list, which has over 850 recipients, includes news services in Kigali, Nairobi, Dar es Salaam, and Addis Ababa and international and non-governmental organizations, embassies and diplomatic posts in the subregion, a number of universities and major law schools, and lawyers on the duty counsel roster.
These commissions shall be presided over by a representative of a member State or government designated by it on a proposal from the Commission in question;
Report of the Secretary-General on the right to development (draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.58/Rev.1)
52. Crimes against the peace and security of mankind and crimes against international law in general can be perpetrated by officials and private individuals.
5. Provisional agenda for the thirty-first session of the Working Party
The COP will be invited to adopt the decisions recommended by the subsidiary bodies without further discussion, with the exception of:
As a result, the report received outstanding worldwide media coverage.
Welcoming the signature in Washington, D.C., on 13 September 1993 by the Government of the State of Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization, the representative of the people of Palestine, of the Declaration of Principles on Interim Self-Government Arrangements A/48/486–S/26560, annex; see Official Records of the Security Council, Forty-eighth Year, Supplement for October, November and December 1993, document S/26560.
Amendments to articles 16, 17 and 19 (b) of the Convention on the International Maritime Organization, adopted by the As-sembly of the Organization by resolution A.735 (18) of 4 November 1993
15. Takes note of the views expressed by Member States on the cumulative interest income in the Special Account for the United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia;
For an analysis of the developing country versus industrialized country consultant/institution ratio to be meaningful, it would be necessary to look closely at the work assignment with a view to determining whether the work must be carried out at a UNU duty station or could be awarded to a consultant/institution elsewhere.
2. At its spring 1998 session, the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions considered the report of the Secretary-General on the estimates for the support account for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 (A/52/837).
(b) All invitations to bid should be sent to the permanent missions, as well as to all United Nations information centres and other United Nations offices;
(a) Neither of the two sides have exclusive rights over the independence and sovereignty of Cyprus;
6. In addition to the programme under General Assembly resolution 845 (IX), a number of Member States have contributed to the United Nations Educational and Training Programme for Southern Africa.
“The reports coming from Myanmar regarding the refusal of the military authorities to allow Aung San Suu Kyi to travel freely give cause for great concern.
Similarly, countries in Africa with rapid gross domestic product (GDP) growth rates – such as Botswana, Mauritius and Tunisia – have reduced the incidence of poverty; but progress is much less clear in economies that have recorded only moderate growth and for only a limited period of time.
36. The Eritrean delegation thus solemnly pledges that the Government of Eritrea shall continue to scrupulously observe the human rights of Ethiopians living in Eritrea, fully cooperate with this Commission or any other international organization which wishes to conduct unrestricted investigation of the conditions of Ethiopians residing in Eritrea and shall remain committed to the truth, verifiable by impartial observers, and totally dedicated to the well-being and mutually beneficial future of the peoples of both countries.
GHG emissions in 1994 were 20 per cent lower than in 1990.
Numerous examples mentioned in the High Commissioner’s reports to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights illustrate progress in the development of cooperation between the United Nations and regional organizations of Africa, the Americas and Europe.
53. As indicated in section II of the report, strategies are in place to support the goal of gender equality in the Secretariat.
“(a) At the end of the twelve-month period provided for in regulation 4.3, any unliquidated obligations of the financial period in question relating to goods supplied and services rendered by Governments for which claims have been received, or which are covered by established reimbursement rates, shall be transferred to accounts payable; such accounts payable shall remain recorded in the Special Account until payment is effected;
(a) Letter dated 29 May 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Ukraine to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/132–S/1998/448);
(b) Supplies, services and operating costs34 400
Protection of the heritage of indigenous people
United Nations Institute for Training and Research
(c) The reported incidence of polio declined from 23,000 to 4,000 cases between 1990 and 1997.
In addition, the interrelationship between FDI and development was not always positive and the effects of FDI on development, including the negative effects, needed to be studied further.
The meeting produced an inter-agency action plan addressing issues of prevention of separation, inter-agency collaboration, and fostering reunification and reintegration.
The Hebron settlement spokesman welcomed the decision to replace the police chief, indicating that settlers had serious complaints against him.
The problem of sexual violence has been addressed, and it is hoped that with staff devoted specifically to this issue and with strengthened security in the camps, there will be a reduction in the incidents of rape and other violence against refugee women.
In the area of prevention and reduction of drug abuse, the expected result is to have all countries acknowledging demand reduction as a key component of national plans to address the drug problem, and to have built greater social awareness and mobilization against drugs as a deterrent for potential new entrants.
238. The view was expressed that the Centre for International Crime Prevention should also explore the possibility of cooperating with subregional organizations having responsibilities for crime prevention and criminal justice wherever they existed.
26. The Committee considered this question at its 28th and 43rd meetings, on 16 November and 14 December.
Subsequently, Australia, Austria, Canada, Croatia, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Malta and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
6. At the 26th meeeting, on 11 November, the representative of Austria, on behalf of Algeria, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Belgium, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Canada, Chile, China, Colombia, Côte d’Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Ecuador, Egypt, Fiji, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Iceland, India, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Kenya, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Mexico, Mongolia, Morocco, Myanmar, the Netherlands, Nigeria, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, the Russian Federation, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, the Sudan, Sweden, Thailand, Turkey, Uganda, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, Uruguay, Venezuela and Zimbabwe, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Report of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on the work of its thirty-first session” (A/C.6/53/L.7).
The questionnaire seeks to collect detailed information on household expenditures for about 250 items in the consumption basket.
UNHCR Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees
Interfacing to IMIS will eliminate the manual entry of approximately 1,000 investment transactions each month.
The Security Council, by its resolution 1145 (1997) of 19 December 1997, established the Support Group with a mandate limited to a single nine-month period beginning on 16 January and ending on 15 October 1998.
Rather, it depends on the scope and coverage of its provisions, and the nature of the enforcement mechanism, as well as the economic circumstances of each member and its policy stances.
R. Draft resolution A/C.1/53/L.38 and Rev.1
45. The spokeswoman for the Asian Group and China (Philippines) echoed the call made in Midrand (para. 91 (iv)) that the policy debate of the Commission should focus on the examination of trade and environment issues from a development perspective.
Regulations related to energy management, building insulation, building acclimatization systems and equipment labelling and standards are part of the government's energy efficiency policy and likely to also limit CO2 emissions.
No staff members were arrested and detained in Lebanon, compared to one in the preceding reporting period.
The Central Asian countries have acceded to some of these international legal instruments and continue to examine the possibility of acceding to many more.
The United States/United Nations comparison, on the other hand, included a New York/Washington, D.C., cost-of-living adjustment based on expenditure patterns of United States consumers.
Another factor to be taken into account is that there have been significantly fewer returnees than the representatives of returnee organizations had expected.
The European Union also encourages the IGAD partner’s forum to continue and reinforce its support to the IGAD peace process as the appropriate framework for the search for a political solution to this conflict, which has lasted more than 15 years.
The Committee continued its general debate and heard state- ments by the representatives of Kyrgyzstan, Slovakia, Georgia, Kenya, Cyprus, Mongolia, the United States, Poland, Ukraine, Botswana and Bangladesh. The Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations made a statement. The Under-Secretary-General replied to a question posed to him by the Chairman of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee.
Progress has also been made in discussions pertaining to indigenous self-government.
(a) List of Palestinians killed by troops or Israeli civilians
(c) Subscription to aviation publications ($500).
34. Preventing the participation, involvement and recruitment of children in armed conflicts, in accordance with international law;
2. Department of Peacekeeping Operations
This makes it imperative that IMIS be implemented within the time-frame presently scheduled in all the offices away from Headquarters.
10. The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
Hearing of a representative of a Non-Self-Governing Territory: Guam
The first was a regional and country overview of the sources of land-based activities that polluted the marine environment and the second was a regional action plan developed by the countries.
Those standards require that the Board plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance as to whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
We also recommended and sent many personnel to the Japanese islands, Manchuria, China and the south Pacific, not excepting Korea.” (“Policy rule in Korea during the end of the Pacific War” pp. 155-156)
In the case of paragraph 3, concern was voiced with regard to the use of the word “excessive” to qualify the word “suffering”.
At 2100 the Lahad militia strafed the area around Anan hill and Dahr al-Mashnaqah.
A summary of those developments is provided below.
2. Since the issue of the annotated preliminary list on 15 June 1998, the following documents relating to the agenda have been circulated:
IN THE AGENDA OF THE FIFTY-SECOND SESSION ELECTION OF JUDGES OF THE INTERNATIONAL TRIBUNAL FOR THE
83. In paragraph 4 of section VI of resolution 51/226, the General Assembly also requested the Secretary-General to prepare, no later than the end of 1997, comprehensive policy guidelines on the terms of reference (including objectives, targets, and output delivery dates), selection, hiring and renewal of consultants and ensuring transparency and objectivity in the selection process, and to submit those guidelines to the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (ACABQ) for review before consideration by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session under the item entitled “Financial reports and audited financial statements, and reports of the Board of Auditors”.
Another important aspect of the reform was the strengthening of the field presence of the Commission.
Air quality and integrated pollution control laws regulate PFC emissions in New Zealand and the United Kingdom.
As at 31 December 1997 it had borrowed $58 million from the peacekeeping reserve fund and another $120 million from peacekeeping funds relating to three missions; this compares favourably with the borrowing of $58 million and $176 million from the peacekeeping reserve fund and other peacekeeping funds respectively as at 31 December 1995.
100. Shortages or serious crises have inevitable consequences on the labour market with increasingly frequent recessions hampering the development of any policy aimed at improving the conditions of the worker and his family.
The Economic and Social Council devoted the coordination segment of its substantive session of 1998 to the coordinated follow-up to and implementation of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action (see Council decision 1998/208).
(iii) At the end of the additional four-year period, any unliquidated obligations shall be cancelled and the then remaining balance of any appropriations retained therefor shall be surrendered.
This year, in some instances, funds were contributed so late that many activities had to be cut or suspended.
A consultant has been seconded to the Department of Community Health at Bir Zeit University to assist in developing the curriculum for a diploma course in primary health care.
Doctors at the Al Ahli Hospital stated that the boy was in a state of cerebral death and was being kept alive only by life support equipment.
Further to my letters dated 4 February, 23 and 31 March, 27 April, 6 and 15 May, 2 and 4 June, 7 and 30 July and 24 August 1998 (A/52/785 and Corr.1 and Add.1-10), I have the honour to inform you that Seychelles has made the necessary payment to reduce its arrears below the amount specified in Article 19 of the Charter.
The list of speakers will be open beginning 29 October until 3 November 1997.
The Council then proceeded to the vote on the draft resolution before it (S/1997/816).
125. With reference to the funding of the Board’s activities, the sponsor delegation indicated that while the members of the Board would continue to receive their salaries from their missions, the operating costs of the Service could be financed by establishing a trust fund of voluntary contributions.
13. Most of the world’s cocaine originates in the Andean region.
Another donor would provide technical assistance and funding to introduce computer training at UNRWA training centres.
Of 422 projects that were ongoing or closed at April 1998, there were time overruns in 241 projects.
The 2nd and 3rd meetings of the Open-ended Informal Consultations of the Plenary on Agenda Item 157 (United Nations reform: measures and proposals) will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 1997, at 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Con-ference Room 4, for an exchange of views on the actions and recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General (A/51/950).
Tariff barriers have been considerable, particularly in the pre-Uruguay Round setting.
Recalling also that by its resolution 50/208 the General Assembly reaffirmed the statute of the Commission, in particular article 6 thereof, whereby its members shall perform their functions in full independence and impartiality,
They include major declarations to the effect that only the inclusion of additional members in the Security Council would be acceptable.
The right to restitution, compensation and rehabilitation for victims of grave violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms
MONUA United Nations Observation Mission in Angola
9. An international organization which is a member of a committee or of a group composed of international organizations which has already been included in the list provided for in rule 77 shall not normally be included in the list.This text should be deleted if it is decided to admit an affiliate of an international organization.
1980-1982 Counsellor for Legal Affairs, Permanent Mission of Turkey to the United Nations, New York.
A team of experts commissioned by the secretariat shall review the information of each Party submitted in accordance with paragraph 1 (see paragraph 159) above.
55. In paragraph 9 of the resolution, the Assembly invited the Economic and Social Council to request all its subsidiary bodies to carry out the same review.
12. Cases of fraud and presumptive fraud . 219 - 225 55
IN FAVOUR: President Bedjaoui; Vice-president Schwebel; Judges Oda, Guillaume, Ranjeva, Herezegh, Shi, Fleischhauer, Vereshchetin, Ferrari Bravo, Higgins;
11. Adoption of the report of the Executive Committee on its forty-ninth session.
The Headquarters complex had only been inspected by the existing lead underwriter.
3347 Phenoxyacetic acid derivative pesticide,
Financing of the United Nations Mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina
+ In its decision 1992/105, the Sub—Commission decided, pursuant to Council resolution 1991/32, to vote on resolutions, decisions and any proposals of a substantive nature under agenda item 6 of its forty—fourth session by secret ballot, whenever a vote was requested thereon.
Françoise Héritier-Augé (France), Director, Laboratoire d’anthropologie sociale, École des Hautes Études en Sciences Sociales, Collège de France
The regional report is expected to be available by 15 December 1998.
7. Encourages States to consider ratifying or acceding to the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties between States and International Organizations or between International Organizations,6 international organizations that have signed the Convention to deposit an act of formal confirmation of the Convention and other international organizations entitled to do so to accede to it at an early date;
I took part, on Monday, in the discussions about the work that has been undertaken by OECD regarding the negotiations of a plurilateral framework on investment.
(d) Promotion and development of renewable sources of energy, including solar, nuclear and biomass, and ensuring that all countries have access to related material, equipment and technology through removal of all restrictions; and
Professionally headed information centres are crucial in regard to keeping these organizations informed and engaged, while drawing on their energy, resource base and networks to promote United Nations communications objectives.
(iii) Report on the implementation of the strategy for human resources management
(iii) 24,239,481 dollars, being the balance in the surplus account as at 31 December 1997;
What is more, even countries that publish their own disaggregated figures may require some technical assistance to adjust their information to the United Nations categories.
Oversight bodies may wish to revisit such studies with a view to formulating specific recommendations facilitating management improvements.
Such training should be undertaken primarily at the national level, rather than on a regional basis, and should be made available to all government departments involved in implementation of the treaties, the judiciary, police, etc., and all interested parts of civil society.
Although originally conceived in the context of a proposed Asian Fund, a new cooperative surveillance arrangement has been established by the member countries of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN).
45. Complaint by Ukraine regarding the decree of the Supreme Soviet of the Russian Federation concerning Sevastopol.
(iii) “Experiences of torture and ill-treatment and posttraumatic stress disorder symptoms among Palestinian political prisoners”;
On 30 June 1998, the number of Palestine refugees registered with UNRWA in the Gaza Strip stood at 772,653, an increase of 3.6 per cent over the 30 June 1997 figure of 746,050.
I have the honour to transmit to you a letter dated 23 June 1998 from Mr. Fares Bouez, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Lebanon, on the subject of Lebanese detainees held in Israeli detention camps.
It also recommends that the State party ensure that all legal provisions dealing with family—related issues relating to members of ethnic groups and foreigners, are fully consistent with the provisions of the Convention.
3. Proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999 [116] (A/52/6 (Vol. II), A/52/16 and Add.1 and A/52/7 (Chapter II, Parts VII-XII))
27. Strongly urges the impartial application of the law by the Republic of Croatia and the swift and complete implementation of judicial decisions for all citizens, irrespective of ethnicity, religion or political affiliation;
48. No provision is required under this heading.
(e) Admission of organizations as observers;
490. The Committee was aware that certain States parties had submitted over the years information on the implementation of the Convention in territories they are administering or which are otherwise under their jurisdiction and to which article 15 also applies.
Six days after sentencing, Rukiqi was taken to hospital suffering from kidney injuries allegedly inflicted in the Pristina prison.
There will be a meeting of the Mason Group today, 12 November 1997, from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m. in Conference Room 7.
It can be expected that the trend towards closer and more active involvement by non-governmental organizations in disarmament questions will have implications for the development of United Nations disarmament information activities.
For nine Parties (BEL, CAN, FIN, IRE, NLD, NOR, NZL) overall GHG emissions increased by 1 to 10 per cent over those of 1990.
Permits for each individual foreign trade transaction with arms or dual-use goods and technologies are issued by a special commission at the Ministry of Trade and Tourism.
34. The Advisory Committee is of the view that although the Board made only one recommendation regarding the Commission, in paragraph 172 of its report, the comments made by the Board in other paragraphs warrant the full attention of the Commission.
24. Implementation of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s, including measures and recommendations agreed upon at its mid-term review (P.24).
At that time the question of legal regulation of the use of sea straits, which were the main routes for the flow of goods and cargoes, was regarded as vital for the very existence of States.
The Secretary-General received from the Government of Sweden the following communication with regard to reservations made by Singapore:
The verbatim unedited transcripts of the meetings of the Subcommittee are contained in documents COPUOS/Legal/T.605 to 612.
21. Other air operations costs (per helicopter)
Its purpose will be to produce an authoritative and realistic assessment of the impact of international assistance and of the progress towards peace-building in Afghanistan.
She also provided a brief overview of the legal framework for investment in the country.
The forms of violence which affect women and, in particular, young girls, are domestic and sexual in nature; they also affect disabled women.
Despite this, those responsible had stood trial in only 55 cases.
The actions to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session are set out in paragraph 17 of the present report and include the appropriation and assessment of the additional amount of $13,227,900 gross ($12,602,500 net) for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998 and the amount of $16,810,600 gross ($16,065,000 net) for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999. A/52/869 Contents Paragraphs
In addition, Member States could commit themselves to providing a more solid, broader-based system of support for international cooperation in drug control through active participation in the activities of UNDCP.
Items 46 and 113 (a) of the preliminary list*
THIRD SESSION OF THE CONFERENCE OF THE PARTIES:
The Committee shall comprise [government representatives] [persons nominated by governments, acting in their individual capacity] who are experts [in social, economic, legal, technical, scientific and technological, and/or environmental fields] [with relevant knowledge] in the field of the Convention.
The challenge, I believe, that faces us is how do we accommodate the differential impacts and the diversity without then talking past one another.
Furthermore, he endorsed the view that investment rules should encourage FDI flows to developing countries, and shared the concern that biased, restrictive provisions would be an obstacle to those flows.
1974 At Group of 77 on the Law of the Sea, Nairobi.
Since fuel prices in Luxembourg are lower than in neighbouring countries, "fuel tourism" accounts for a substantial share of petroleum products sales and makes a sizeable contribution to budget revenues (about 10 per cent).
47. The urban rehabilitation component of the PEACE Initiative is implemented by Habitat, in partnership with other United Nations agencies.
In this connection, UNDP will establish corporate standards and guidelines to country offices on renovations, maintenance and alterations.
The tribunal issued its ruling on 9 October 1988 at The Hague and unanimously found that the islands, islets, rocks and low-tide elevations forming the Mohabbakah islands, including but not limited to Sayal islet, Harbi islet, Flat islet and High islet; the islands, islets, rocks and low-tide elevations forming the Haycock Islands; and South-west Rocks islands are subject to the territorial sovereignty of Eritrea.
UNCTAD and its Commissions could play a crucial role in this respect, being the most universal forum for an integrated approach to trade and development issues.
The present report has been prepared in response to that request and covers the period from October 1997 to July 1998.
Letter dated 20 July 1998 from the Permanent Representative
April-June 1996: Legal Counsel at the Parquet de la République (Government Procurator's Office), Cyangugu Prefecture, Rwanda.
4. In his earlier, 1996 report, the Secretary-General described the many difficulties facing the landlocked countries of Central Asia.
The Vice-Chairman of the Committee, Mr. Hans-Peter Glanzer (Austria), introduced and corrected draft resolution A/C.2/52/ L.53, submitted by him in the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.18.
3. Implementation of General Assembly resolution 52/214 B, paragraphs 24 and 25
An unconscionable number of women and children, poor villagers and other civilians continue to step on mines as they collect water, go to school or attempt to return home after years of displacement.
7. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/53/L.17, as orally revised, without a vote (see para. 9).
8. Recalls that the Commission on Human Rights, in its resolution 1998/68, requested the Special Rapporteur, in carrying out her mandate:
Non-governmental organizations in the special category were requested to reply and give their preferences on reclassification by 15 November 1996, failing which the secretariat would make its own proposal to the Board based on the organization's past classification and its likely areas of interest in the work of the new Commissions.
8. Reiterates the request set out in paragraph 9 of its resolution 52/8 C;
Portable tank special provisions are assigned to certain substances to indicate requirements which are in addition to or in lieu of those provided by the portable tank instructions or the requirements in Chapter 6.6.
Mr. La Viña noted that, in response to his questionnaire circulated at the sixth meeting (see document FCCC/AGBM/1997/8, paragraph 19), a number of Parties had submitted proposals (see documents FCCC/AGBM/1997/MISC.4 and Add.1-2).
6.6.5.1.3 Tests shall be repeated on production samples at intervals established by the competent authority.
(d) To provide good offices and mediation between the Government and political parties;
Trust Fund for Economic Revitalization and Restoration of Essential Services in Eastern Slavonia
Item 113 (c) of the provisional agenda*
This helicopter has replaced the B-212.
The Secretary-General firmly believes that reform is an ongoing process and intends to take further action to improve the United Nations procurement system.
Implementation of the World Programme of Action for Youth to the Year 2000 and Beyond (odd years)
Governments can play an effective role in stimulating market competition and new business strategies, promoting exports in their services industries and assisting services producer associations in disseminating information nationally about world markets, standards and other countries' experiences.
42. The International Committee of the Red Cross acts to help all victims of war and internal violence and endeavours to ensure implementation of humanitarian rules restricting armed violence.
2 For the previous substantive reports of the United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation to the General Assembly, see Official Records of the General Assembly, Thirteenth Session, Supplement No. 17 (A/3838); ibid., Seventeenth Session, Supplement No. 16 (A/5216); ibid., Nineteenth Session, Supplement No. 14 (A/5814); ibid., Twenty-first Session, Supplement No. 14 (A/6314 and Corr.1); ibid., Twenty-fourth Session, Supplement No. 13 (A/7613 and Corr.1); ibid., Twenty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 25 (A/8725 and Corr.1); ibid., Thirty-second Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/32/40); ibid., Thirty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 45 (A/37/45); ibid., Forty-first Session, Supplement No. 16 (A/41/16); ibid., Forty-third Session, Supplement No.45 (A/43/45); and ibid., Forty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 46 (A/48/46).
UNCTAD provides inputs to annual reports prepared under the leadership of DESIPA to the Second Committee of the General Assembly and to the Economic and Social Council (recurrent reports: external debt, net flows and transfer of resources between developing and developed countries, global financial integration, and integration of economies in transition into the world economy; non-recurrent publications: various, depending upon the agenda).
Provision is based on the yearly rate of $5,500 for the MI-8 helicopter for the six-month period.
Citing security concerns, the Israeli authorities continued to impose curfews and closures in various West Bank localities, particularly in autumn 1997, although to a lesser degree than in the previous reporting period.
It also held a discussion on the United Nations in the twenty-first century.
UNU, for example, is carrying out a research and capacity-building programme oriented toward development in Africa from the perspective of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s and the United Nations system-wide Initiative on Africa.
(c) Implementation of law enforcement measures for, inter alia, the effective detection, investigation, prosecution and conviction of criminals engaging in money-laundering activities.
The audience of “UN in Action”, a three-minute weekly, is estimated at 160 million viewers, through CNN and other broadcasters, in 106 countries.
It is recalled in this connection that when proposing the agenda item relating to the new international humanitarian order, the Government of Jordan had emphasized that the “law of peace” needs to be legislated and practised as thoroughly as the “law of war” has been developed, however difficult and complex the process may be.
Security services will be provided by local security firms or individual contractors under the supervision of international Security Officers.
Economic Commission for Europe regional consultation
Aware of the situation of migrant workers and members of their families and the marked increase in migratory movements that has occurred, especially in certain parts of the world,
The programme was followed by a United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) community-based rehabilitation programme, aimed at reinforcing local capacities in crisis-affected areas through small-scale projects, representing a global amount of $4 million.
* Following the meeting of the Working Group on Procedural Matters.
The third World Youth Forum is an example of how a cross-sectoral approach can be used successfully.
These final audit reports provide senior management with an objective assessment of the audited area and inform them about major findings and recommendations.
Overhead at the same rate on other voluntary funds, tentatively programmed for 1999 at a level of USD 8,727,300, would amount to USD 1,134,500.
La Responsabilité de l'Etat en matière de garantie des droits économiques, sociaux et culturels: nature et limites, 1998.
Design reference temperature means the temperature at which the vapour pressure of the contents is determined for the purpose of calculating the MAWP.
Ms. Corazon Alma G. De Leon (Philippines)**
However, illegal weapons do not have that protection, and their war-time use easily meets the rest of the definition of torture: their use causes severe pain and suffering, both physical and mental; their use is intentional; they are used to unduly coerce the enemy or the civilian population into surrender, submission or other state favourable to the user of the weapons; and their use is under the direct order of public officials.
Attachments to this Protocol shall form an integral part thereof and, unless otherwise expressly provided, a reference to this Protocol constitutes at the same time a reference to any attachments thereto.
Many investment projects, which have been funded by dollar loans, have lost half of their value and may face serious cash flow problems.
44. Effective management and operational measures to be taken to reduce vehicle accidents (A/51/872, para. 50).
Item 113 (c) of the provisional agenda*
After a two-year traineeship at the Court and in the Public Prosecutor's Office in 1970, he passed the bar exam required for practising as a judge, a prosecutor, a barrister or a notary.
It shall appoint the financial controller of the Agency.
Cases brought by the European Commission against cartels or abuses of dominance in the shipping sector have led to reduced freight charges and better service on the trans-Atlantic and Europe-Asia shipping routes. / See Yves Kenfack, La politique de la concurrence dans les transports maritimes internationaux: Enjeux pour les pays en développement, UNCTAD consultant report (forthcoming).
Since the country was not required to submit reports to treaty monitoring bodies during the year, the status with respect to overdue reports indicated in the report contained in document E/CN.4/1998/65, paras. 12 to 18, remained unchanged.
The number of volumes of the United Nations Treaty Series printed during the same period far exceeded what had been projected, thus contributing to the reduction of the backlog.
TD/SYMP.TE/2 in each of the trade efficiency sectors (customs, transport, banking and insurance, business information, trade facilitation and telecommunications);
Welcome to the forty-ninth session of the Executive Committee.
"reviewed the results of the actuarial valuation as of 31 December 1997, which was carried out by the Consulting Actuary.
III. Planned and actual deployment of military and civilian personnel for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998
The illicit arms trade, in particular, continues to have disproportionately large effects for the internal security and socio-economic development of affected States.
Without such information, the Board has found it difficult to see how competent national authorities could possibly monitor the movement of substances in Table I and Table II, as required under article 12.
While overall numbers had not changed greatly, except for a major reduction in the staff available to process communications, there had been an exponential increase in the number of demands placed upon the treaty bodies as a result of, inter alia, rapidly expanding participation in the treaty regime, a correspondingly sharp increase in the number of reports to be processed and the number of communications received, an expansion in the range of activities undertaken by the treaty bodies, particularly in response to calls from States, and growing interest in the work of the treaty bodies by a wide range of actors, accompanied by many demands for information and assistance.
(d) Increase resource flows to Africa, including foreign direct investment;
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL
5. Requests the Special Committee to continue to discharge the functions entrusted to it under Assembly resolution 1970 (XVIII), in accordance with established procedures, and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session.
Moreover, in many respects the costs related to expatriation increased over time.
If this proposal is implemented, UNDCP would recover an additional amount of $650,000 for agency execution in 1996-1997.
IV. CALL FOR ACTION A. Assessing the problem 9. Demand reduction programmes should be based on a regular assessment of the nature and magnitude of drug use and abuse and drug-related problems in the population.
(f) International Labour Organization (ILO):
Professional tape recorder, studio Loudspeakers
17. The special session will also review the effectiveness of the mechanisms established to monitor and evaluate the implementation of the Habitat Agenda.
4.2.1.9.1.1 Portable tanks shall not be filled above the extent provided in 4.2.1.9.2 to 4.2.1.9.6.
There shall be no obstruction in an opening leading to a vent or pressure-relief device which might restrict or cut-off the flow from the shell to that device.
The following are examples of international practices that give rise to serious violations of economic, social and cultural rights: debt, structural adjustment programmes, deterioration of terms of trade, corruption, laundering of drug money, the fraudulent activities of transnational corporations, etc.
It is estimated to contribute about 6% to the overall greenhouse effect.
The Commission concurred with the Executive Director that the problems related to data collection were extremely complex, and would not be easy to solve.
The Board of Auditors has audited the United Nations peacekeeping operations at Headquarters, 4 field missions funded from the regular budget, 13 special missions and 4 missions in liquidation.
A group of experts was appointed by the Secretary-General in August 1998 and will visit Cambodia in September 1998 to assess existing evidence and propose further measures.
8. The Office has addressed this concern pursuant to recommendation I (a) above.
It strongly urges parties to append to their pleadings only strictly selected documents.
Community-based health programme – $5 million (***)/5 years
Countries with macro-economic stability and an environment that is attractive to business have been able to attract private capital flows (mainly among middle income countries).
Salaries and allowances and conditions of service of staff; post adjustments for the staff in the Professional and higher categories; staff assessment; and travel.
Every attempt should be made to ensure credibility, avoid sensationalism, promote trust and enhance effectiveness.
(g) United Nations Third Seminar on Space Futures and Human Security, to be held in the province of Tyrol, Austria;
V. Supplementary information on significant variances — backlog clearance budget
Netherlands: the estimate of the effects of policies and measures on CO2 emissions is the difference between the “trend” scenario and the “without measures” scenario.
These murders were strongly condemned by the international community.
For the population as a whole, dislocation and disruption of families are not the only consequences of the disaster.
In the nearly 50 years since the founding of the People’s Republic of China, great changes have taken place both in the world situation and in China, including Taiwan, in the social, economic, political and other spheres. However, no such change can alter the fact that Taiwan is a province of China and that China exercises sovereignty over Taiwan.
105. The representative reported that only 6 per cent of African women 20 years and older had graduated from tertiary education, while 20 per cent of African women had not had any formal education.
For the period from 1 July to 31 August 1998, UNPREDEP will require the support of 378 person/months.
The measures taken, or to be taken, by the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation (UNHHSF) to implement the recommendations of the Board of Auditors in its report for the biennium 1996–199711 are described below.
21. For the Investigation Division eight additional posts (4 P-3 and 4 P-2) are requested in the revised 1998 budget in order to conduct operations in Kosovo, as mandated by the Security Council in its resolution 1160 (1998).
23. The Committee concludes that it has certain responsibilities as the body of experts charged with the consideration of periodic reports submitted to it.
The IDF was said to have spent tens of millions of NIS on renovating its ramparts and minefields and on strengthening and digging anti-tank ditches on the plateau.
Schedule 1. Administrative expenses . 94
5. For many indigenous peoples health is a part of a greater order and closely related to the spirit, the environment and their very existence.
Fiftieth anniversary of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide
* Following the adjournment of the 34th meeting of the Fifth Committee. INFORMAL CONSULTATIONS
During 1997 and 1998, it participated in and hosted the third, fourth, fifth and sixth meetings of the Working Group on Services, in March, July and October 1997, and January 1998.
United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization
In this connection, a monthly rate of $500 per vehicle has been applied to 735 vehicles which are old and require higher maintenance than new vehicles, plus $100 per month per vehicle for the remaining 504 vehicles which are under one year old for the first six-month period ending December 1998.
(v) the receipt of any texts communicated in accordance with article E;
The main result of the session must be agreement on a negotiating text of the protocol or another legal instrument.
The lists of speakers for the general debate, and all other items allocated to the Second Committee, are open for inscription.
7. It therefore believes that draft resolutions of a procedural nature are inseparable from substantive decisions and should, ipso facto, be subject to the same procedures as the adoption of such decisions.
1. At its 3rd plenary meeting, on 15 September 1998, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-third session the item entitled “Financing of the United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara” and to allocate it to the Fifth Committee.
In addition to its functions specified in the Convention, particularly in article 23, the Permanent Secretariat shall in accordance with the present rules:
The Committee regrets that many of its questions relating to allegations of serious violations of rights were not answered.
As for the implementation of paragraph 6 of the resolution, several organizations referred to their submissions for the preparation of the previous report of the Secretary-General on the subject (see A/52/308, sects. III and IV).
These States were: Australia, 4 June 1998; Canada, 3 November 1997; Chile, 8 May 1998; France, 8 August 1997; Mongolia, 19 December 1997; the Netherlands, 10 December 1997; Portugal, 29 June 1998; and Switzerland, 2 December 1997.
In many of these countries it is civil society, particularly women, children and those living off the land, which is most vulnerable to the physical and psychological torment of anti-personnel and anti-tank mines, and to unexploded ordnance.
42. Lengthy pre-trial detention remained a widespread violation of the right to personal liberty.
1 On 29 October 1997, the Chairperson wrote to the Ambassador of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea emphasizing that the Human Rights Committee is the only competent body established by the Covenant to address questions relating to States parties’ reports submitted under article 40 of the Covenant.
As of 31 July 1998, the Ombudsperson had registered 2,480 cases, published 35 final reports dealing with 154 individual cases and issued 13 special reports on more general human rights issues. Seventy-three cases were referred to the Chamber.
In July 1998, the UNDP assistance programme to the national Mine-Action Programme of Bosnia and Herzegovina formally commenced.
At its 412th meeting, on 4 September 1998, the representative of the Secretariat presented an oral report on the matter.
The Technical Subgroup of the Ad Hoc Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will meet, under the chairmanship of H.E. Mr. Ahmad Kamal (Pakistan), on Tuesday, 25 November 1997, at 11 a.m. sharp in Conference Room A.
Those issues are defined in the Beijing Platform for Action and the Regional Programme of Action for the Women of Latin America and the Caribbean, 1995-2001.
To initiate an internal debate on UNCTAD commitments regarding the cross-sectoral issue of the empowerment of women and the mainstreaming of a gender perspective in its policies and programmes, a Workshop on Gender Sensitization was held in December 1997. Approximately 30 Professional staff members participated.
For detailed information, see relevant chapters in the Multilateral Treaties Deposited with the Secretary-General (ST/LEG/SER.E/16).
This concept naturally comprises the technical role of the police force, and the recognized need to maintain order and to crack down on crimes and offences.
114. As reaffirmed by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/202, a two-day special session of the Assembly is to be convened in 1999 for an in-depth assessment and appraisal of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action.
The Committee requests that, in the future, efforts be made to use the performance experience to estimate future costs in this and other lines of the budget.
101. The Council considered the question of sustainable development (agenda item 13 (a)) at its 39th, 40th, 42nd, 44th and 46th meetings, on 23, 27, 28 and 30 July 1998.
(1) This Convention shall apply to any seagoing ship within the jurisdiction of any State party, whether or not that ship is flying the flag of a State Party..
12. Views and matters pertaining to the special session, transmitted by specialized agencies and other relevant bodies of the United Nations system.
(b) Operative paragraph 8, which had read:
155. International Narcotics Control Board, sixty-seventh session [Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs of 1961, article 11]
Such a partnership is being forged through the various boards.
Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or De-grading Treatment or Punishment, adopted by the General As-sembly of the United Nations on 10 December 1984
They also oblige States parties to ensure the equal entitlement of women and men to the enjoyment of these rights.
She pointed out the main elements of the nature of the juvenile offender and of juvenile justice, following the provisions contained in the relevant international instruments.
The recent activities of UNCTAD on behalf of land-locked developing countries in this regard are highlighted in section II of this report.
They include some degree of involuntariness on the part of the person being trafficked, either through the employment of deceit, coercion or actual force, abuse of authority, confiscation of travel documents, or debt bondage.
The Special Committee should also contribute to the efforts to reform the Security Council, including its composition, and to improve its working methods.
These are very tedious tasks requiring a number of interactions between Headquarters and various offices.
China and Paraguay joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
13. The Advisory Committee was informed that out of the total estimated requirements of $34.4 million for the reimbursement of contingent-owned equipment from the inception of UNPREDEP (1 January 1996) to 30 June 1999, an amount of $3.0 million has been reimbursed to troop-contributing countries.
This will make it possible to define clearly the powers and duties of the public administration and the development activities to be carried out at the different levels and in the various parts of the country.
A training curriculum on workers’ rights was completed.
Question of sending visiting missions to Territories: report of the Acting Chairman
The Committee continued its general debate and heard a statement by the representative of Senegal.
In Bethlehem, hundreds of high school and university students marched towards Rachel’s Tomb, chanting “death to America” and calling for a halt to settlement activities.
The aggregate of money maintained in UNICEF bank accounts, as reflected in UNICEF books of account, to sustain operational requirements.
It could also be presented in a report to the General Assembly.
Additional elements of proposals with respect to policies and measures
Note verbale dated 21 March 1997 from the Permanent Mission of the United States of America
III. POSITION OF THE INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS CONTROL BOARD ON THE CONTROLLED DISTRIBUTION OF HEROIN TO DRUG
I would be grateful if you could bring the contents of the present letter to the attention of members of the General Assembly.
The results of a UNESCO/UNICEF survey on education achievement in the tenth grade (troisième) were published by the Education Research and Development Center in 1997 (results of a similar survey at the primary level were published in 1996).
The salient observations, conclusions and recommendations of the report are highlighted in bold print.
The functions of facilitating the consultative process with and disseminating information to the non-governmental community are the responsibility of two offices of the Secretariat, namely, the NGO Section of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs and the NGO Section of the Department of Public Information.
As noted below, however, a number of Parties have reported on initiatives that are designed to facilitate such transfer of technology to non-Annex II Parties by the private sector.
Annexes Financial performance information since inception (15 October 1992) as at 30 June 1997: summary statement
46. In relation to the main areas of implementation of General Assembly resolution 51/8, Nicaragua has been supported by the response of UNFPA to high-priority national needs in the processes related to sexual and reproductive health, behaviour and rights.
This will sometimes call for a horizontal approach in looking, for example, at common services and how they function in different duty stations, a project scheduled for the fall of 1998.
2. Statements and comments made in the course of the Committee's consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary records (A/C.5/53/SR.42, 43 and 45).
The Centre has contributed to the background analysis for a possible strategy for the reduction of illicit drug crops cultivation, which was recently considered by the General Assembly at its special session devoted to the fight against the illicit production, sale, demand, traffic and distribution of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances and activities.
Although the Commission subsequently discontinued annual United Nations/United States total compensation comparisons, it maintained them for the determination of the highest paid civil service under the Noblemaire principle.
See Council resolution 1998/38. The voting was as follows: The delegation of Lebanon subsequently indicated that, had it been present during the voting, it would have voted in favour of the draft resolution.
250. A particular effort should be made by the State party to train law enforcement officials in the light of the provisions of the Convention.
V. THE CASE OF SMALL AND MEDIUM-SIZED ENTERPRISES (SMEs) 55-61
On 16 January the Minister of the Interior maintained that some people did not understand the liberation and were obstructing it by creating NGOs, which were actually banned political parties.
67. The following activities, totalling $12,300, were undertaken:
1. At its 4th plenary meeting, on 19 September 1997, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-second session the item entitled "Financing of the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus" and to allocate it to the Fifth Committee.
50. UNIFEM work on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women focuses on increasing the number of women’s groups working on and monitoring the implementation of the Convention; promoting non-governmental organizations understanding of and efforts to lift or narrow reservations to the Convention; improving the legal and social status of women; and ensuring that women are better informed about their rights.
4. The Special Committee also took into account the provisions of Economic and Social Council resolution 1998/38 of 30 July 1998.
Carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions in 1995 increased in the majority of reporting Parties compared to 1990, the range of increase being from 2 to 10 per cent.
27. The team is composed of two professional staff members; one regular staff member and one indigenous secondment funded since May 1996 by the Government of Norway.
The new regulations will apply not only to new bulk carriers, but also to existing ones.
438. Production of medicines from marine sources is an ongoing industry.
The conference will take place in Brussels on 1 October and 2 October 1998.
The Netherlands seeks compensation for reimbursements that it made to its diplomats whose property was lost or damaged in Kuwait or Iraq.
49. Treaties on chemicals, such as the Vienna Convention for the Protection of the Ozone Layer and the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and their Disposal, including recently concluded negotiations on legally binding instrument on PIC procedure and the proposal to start similar negotiations on POPs, indicate that increased international efforts are under way to protect human health and the environment from the noxious effects of hazardous chemicals.
Report of the Secretary-General on the preparations for the special session of the General Assembly for an overall review and appraisal of the implementation of the Programme of Action of the International Conference on Population and Development (A/53/407)
46. The deterioration in the political and security situation in the country which occurred towards the end of the reporting period has, however, had a negative effect on the clearance activities of both INAROE and the demining programme, resulting in the suspension of clearance operations in several provinces since mid-July 1998.
Upon instructions from my Government and further to my letter dated 24 July 1998 (A/52/993-S/1998/693), I have the honour to draw your attention to new violations of the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus and of the flight information region of Nicosia by military aircraft of the Turkish Air Force, recorded on 25 July 1998.
85. A National Policy for Older Persons is being prepared in India, to be completed by 15 August 1998.
Appendix VII - Desertification and Desert Cultivation Studies Centre (DADCSC).
18. Decides to consider the question of the elimination of all forms of religious intolerance at its fifty-fourth session under the item entitled “Human rights questions”.
15. As a result of the reform measures, the activities of the Secretariat in the field of public administration and finance were integrated with the other core components of the economic and social sector, such as sustainable development, social development, population, advancement of women etc., thus adding the dimension of institutional strengthening, management improvement and human resources development to these components.
as well as the report of the independent experts A/53/662. on the Integrated Management Information System project and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, A/53/7/Add.7.
This document addresses the key problems and constraints in providing coordinated assistance to Afghanistan and the regional and national institutional mechanisms which could be immediately introduced to this effect.
Its recommendations will improve the Organization’s ability to evaluate its human resources needs more effectively, greatly accelerate the recruitment process, introduce better career planning and establish ongoing staff training programmes to ensure that staff skills respond to changing demands.
The draft programme includes a proposal to establish a coordinating panel on technical advice and assistance in juvenile justice, which will consist of representatives of the Committee on the Rights of the Child, the High Commissioner/Centre for Human Rights, the Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Division, UNICEF, UNDP and other relevant United Nations organizations and specialized agencies, as well as other interested intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations.
The El Niño phenomenon, the forest fires in Brazil and Indonesia, a new drought in the Sudan, the tsunami in Papua New Guinea and other disasters have devastated thousands of lives.
299. The representative of ICAO drew the Commission’s attention to a workshop on diversity that had been held at ICAO, noting that the activity was mentioned in the secretariat’s compendium of best practice.
(d) Assistance to the Palestinian people
Women and Kinship: Comparative Perspectives on Gender in South and South-East Asia.
It shall also assume responsibility, as appropriate, for arrangements to facilitate financial and administrative management and reporting on resources (financial and human) that may be made available for the work of the Global Mechanism.
As the text of draft staff regulation 1.2 (g) would be removed in its entirety, the balance of draft staff regulation 1.2 would be renumbered accordingly.
21. A special effort has been made to increase the number of women resident coordinators, pursuant to paragraph 43 of Assembly resolution 50/120; the results are shown in table 1.
The analytical work should be strengthened with a view to providing a serious basis for operational activities and policy advice for the Palestinian Authority.
Experts from Mexico, Pakistan, China, Finland and the United States raised questions on the services offered under the Trade Point Programme, its legal framework, UNCTAD’s role, financial aspects of Trade Points and private/public-sector involvement.
While further progress was made in the development of an investigative capacity by the central judicial police, arrests on the basis of unverified (and sometimes ill-intentioned) denunciations continued to be common in the field.
It was also suggested that attention should be drawn, in the context of the legislative recommendations referred to, or at another appropriate place, to the following: the ability of the host Government to conclude and carry out commitments relating to privately financed infrastructure projects; the ability of the Government to provide the site for such projects; the authority to initiate or carry out any necessary expropriations; the ability of the Government to convey property interests to private investors; the ability of the Government to agree to the encumbrance of state-owned property in order to create security interests; freedom of the Government to agree to arbitration and other methods of non-judicial settlement of disputes; the ability of the Government to give guarantees for the protection of investors' rights; and to allow linking of prices of services or goods generated by the privately operated infrastructure to price indices.
The memorandum called for rigorous investigations to allow accurate and credible determinations in each case after consideration of all aspects.
And in its future consideration of specific crisis situations, in mandating peacemaking and peacekeeping missions, in the imposition of sanctions regimes, in reviewing standards for the conduct of international personnel, and in the design of peace-building programmes – the rights, protection and welfare of children affected by conflicts will constitute a central and continuing concern.
16. Consistency between national and local government policy is best achieved within an overall framework for SME development.
Do quantitative data exist for evaluation of social benefits?
The implementation of the programme has just begun.
Given the present depth of mistrust and fear on the part of Kosovo Albanians, however, there is a need for an increased international humanitarian presence on the ground in Kosovo to serve as a confidence-building measure, to reassure returnees and serve as a deterrent against future abuse by security forces;
The Government of Denmark provided US$ 870,000 in 1997 for addressing small-scale emergency needs.
Fourth: Develop joint Arab action with a view to realizing the aspirations of Arab States to development, construction, security and stability, and in order to prepare the Arab region for the demands of international political and economic change and ensure the material and moral well-being of the peoples of the Arab nation.
110. Economic and Social Council, substantive session [Charter]
The Advisory Committee was informed, upon enquiry, that the vacancy situation in the mission during the period under consideration was as follows: 21 per cent in civilian police, 18 per cent in international staff, 16 per cent in local staff and 10 per cent in United Nations volunteers.
Based on the experience of the last five years of United Nations peacekeeping missions, new missions tend to fall into two orders of magnitude: medium-sized missions (of the order of 5,000 troops plus supporting elements), such as the United Nations Angola Verification Mission (UNAVEM III), the United Nations Mission in Haiti (UNMIH) and the United Nations Transitional Administration for Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium (UNTAES), and small missions (of the order of 100 to 300 military/civilian observers/police, plus supporting elements) such as the United Nations Observer Mission in Liberia (UNOMIL), the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG) or the United Nations Mission of Observers in Tajikistan (UNMOT).
44. The Fifth Committee also recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft decisions:
Consequently, the Security Council, in a presidential statement dated 30 July 1997 (S/PRST/1997/41) welcomed the successful holding of presidential and legislative elections in Liberia on 19 July 1997, and noted that it marked the fulfilment of a key element of the UNOMIL mandate.
In addition, provision is made for the maintenance of workshop equipment for vehicles such as vehicle lifts, compressors, hydraulic jacks, spray painting apparatus and tyre changing machines in order to keep this equipment at the level required to comply with health and safety regulations in the Mission ($3,000).
(l) Claims for the education grant shall be made in accordance with conditions established by the Secretary-General.
The situation was intolerable and unacceptable.
Nevertheless, with the increasing availability of skills and information, firms in developing countries are able to find more ample and potentially profitable points of entry to, and opportunities for, effective participation in commodity chains.
Replace the text of existing subparagraph (d) (new subparagraph (e)) with the following:
The Committee was informed that Turkey was an original sponsor of the revised draft resolution.
The message of the High Commissioner for Human Rights will be read by Dr. Purificación Quisumbing, Director, New York Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights.
Subsequently, in April 1998, OIOS was informed that the recovery was in progress.
12. Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East (D.122):
Furthermore, the membership of the Council is mandated by the UNU Charter, and any change would therefore require an amendment to the Charter.
In May 1998, the Administrative Committee on Coordination, comprising the executive heads of all United Nations entities, adopted a statement of commitment for action to eradicate poverty for the system as a whole.
While the policy of conditionality will be applied under the project module for reduction of the poppy crop, it is not applicable to other modules.
177. A national survey is required in order to measure the impact of the mine problem throughout a country, and the determination of priorities as a result of this process will allow activities and resources to be focused on the areas of greatest need.
Yet another approach is to identify gaps in domestic industries, and to target foreign firms which could complement domestic firms through backward and forward linkages, thereby strengthening national technological capabilities and production capacities.
Draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.10 was consequently withdrawn by its sponsors.
Having considered the report of the Committee on Conferences, Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 32 and corrigendum (A/53/32 and Corr.1).
Document: Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Secretary-General of UNCTAD (resolution 51/168), A/53/331.
87. Information from Non-Self-Governing Territories transmitted under Article 73 e of the Charter of the United Nations (P.88).
5. And of course we must not forget more than 8,000 poor farmers and pastoralists, who have been deprived of their meagre livelihoods, and whose cases are just as tragic.
The office will help to facilitate the exchange of information and the coordination of initiatives and efforts in the areas of preventive diplomacy and peacemaking as well as in the democratization and peace-building processes in Africa, and will coordinate the implementation of programmes of cooperation between the United Nations system and OAU agreed to at the annual meetings of their secretariats.
Action on draft resolution A/C.3/52/L.70
A. Implementation of the programme of activities
The Committee also welcomes the greater coordination of demining activities within the United Nations system.
These developments are extremely worrying, and concerted steps must be taken to address them.
At 1930 hours Israel's client militia directed several bursts of fire in the direction of Wadi al-Habib from its position at Tumat Jazzin.
259. The importance of environmental assessment was noted, including monitoring to facilitate response to environmental emergencies, an issue addressed in several recommendations of the in-depth evaluation.
15. Also welcomes the efforts made by the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights towards the promotion and realization of the right to development, and invites her to explore further ways and means to achieve this objective;
It is coordinated by a steering committee of nine organizations, including those already deeply engaged in mine action work.
Workshop on International Human Rights Instruments and Reporting Obligations: Preparation of Reports to United Nations Human Rights Treaty Bodies (Moscow, 26–30 August 1991) (HR/PUB/91/5)
As at 5 August 1998, US$ 1,322,066.44 had been received.
The cost includes 10 per cent for necessary oil and lubricants ($13,600).
Vital reforms in personnel policy must still be undertaken, but the Organization is more responsive, more efficient and more accountable than it was only a few short years ago.
With regard to the former, there are still serious problems of implementation, and cumbersome cross-border procedures continue to lead to significant delays.
Direct reference to the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) is limited to recommendation 4, to the effect that UNDCP should continue and increase its assistance to help countries adopt up-to-date and harmonized legislation, and should also assist States in training law enforcement agents.
“9. Urges all States parties to the Treaty to assist the Secretary-General accordingly by providing information and drawing his attention to suitable sources”.
“18. Also reiterates its concern about the large number of overdue reports under the United Nations instruments on human rights, and again urges States parties to make every effort to meet their reporting obligations;
She also claimed that she was harassed by settlers who verbally abused her and threw stones at her house.
Ideally one indicator per issue and expected result. .
“Recalling its resolutions 955 (1994) of 8 November 1994, 989 (1995) of 24 April 1995 and 1165 (1998) of 30 April 1998,
FOR GENOCIDE AND OTHER SUCH VIOLATIONS COMMITTED IN THE
The Secretary-General may make such proposals for review by the relevant intergovernmental body if he considers that circumstances so warrant.
An amendment adopted in accordance with paragraph 2 shall enter into force for those Parties having ratified or accepted it on the ninetieth day after the date of receipt by the Depositary of an instrument of ratification or acceptance by at least three fourths of the Parties.
67. The Human Rights Study Series reproduces studies and reports on important human rights issues, prepared by experts of the Commission on Human Rights and the Subcommission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities.
and Add.1 second session, held at Geneva from 8 to 19 July 1996 Annex II REPORT FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF THE INFORMAL
Further developments in this regard can be found in the report of the Executive Director of UNITAR to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session.1
4. With regard to voluntary contributions to UNFICYP, one third of the cost of the Force is provided by the Government of Cyprus; in addition, the Government of Greece has pledged an annual contribution of $6.5 million.
4. In its report of 6 May 1996 (A/50/903/Add.1), the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions recommended reductions totalling $335,000 and that the General Assembly appropriate a total amount of $49,054,000 gross for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997.
6. In pursuance of paragraph 35 (ix) b of the action programme, the Secretary-General had established a high-level interdepartmental task force to foster and coordinate the incorporation of disarmament-development perspective in the activities of the United Nations system.
5. The Legal Counsel informed the Committee that the Secretary-General’s memorandum related solely to the Member States that had submitted formal credentials of their representatives in accordance with rule 27 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly.
The Steering Committee on Mine Action supports the coordination of United Nations mine-action initiatives with non-United Nations partners.
Unlike the previous year, having perceived that support for the draft resolution was growing stronger, Indonesia agreed to the negotiation of a Chairman’s statement, which was eventually adopted by consensus.
Elimination of all forms of religious intolerance
Nayera G. El-din Husein (Egypt), Ministry of Health, Cairo
14. This interdependence of civil and political rights and of economic, social and cultural rights confirms their identical legal basis, even if each category of rights has its own rules.
“Agreed conclusions of the Expert Meeting on Investment Promotion and Development Objectives” (TD/B/COM.2/EM.2/L.1)
No Mauritanian can thus give any valid reason based on a well—founded fear in order to claim refugee status.
UNCCD has been ratified by China in December 1996.
However, severe overcrowding in prisons is still a matter of grave concern, and the reported increase of the mortality rate in prisons is alarming.
14. Calls for the speedy and determined extension of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Debt Initiative to more countries, and encourages all eligible countries to take policy measures needed to embark on the process as soon as possible so that all can be in process by the year 2000;
1. Calls upon the Parties included in Annex I to the Convention (Annex I Parties), when submitting annually national greenhouse gas inventories, to follow the relevant parts of the revised UNFCCC guidelines for the preparation of national communications by Annex I Parties, as well as the relevant conclusions of the fourth session of the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice;
2. In accordance with the recommendations of the Advisory Committee, endorsed by the General Assembly at its thirty-second session, the performance report identifies adjustments required owing to variations in the rates of inflation and exchange and in standards assumed in the calculation of the initial appropriations.
Thus, a survey of 46 countries found a significantly negative relationship between the level of per capita income and the size of average mark-up ratios in 1985. / See J. Gali, “Monopolistic competition, endogenous mark-ups, and growth” European Economic Review (1994), vol. 38, pp. 748-756.
Recalling its invitation to the International Atomic Energy Agency and the World Health Organization, in its resolution 52/55, to consider the functions and role of the Scientific Committee and to submit a recommendation to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session,
Since 1993, no assessment of the building’s security arrangements has been made, an important consideration in determining the risk of terrorist acts.
The Lome session set three objectives to be met during deliberations in Niamey in July 1997: determining and agreeing on the priorities of a subregional action programme for West Africa, defining the methodology and timing for elaborating the activities of the programme and settling its coordination, funding and assessment mechanisms.
The draft resolution was strongly supported by members of different regional groups and was co-sponsored by a total of 34 countries.
(e) Training for representatives of offices away from Headquarters for the implementation of Releases 2 and 3;
The first of these was a one-week train the trainers course, attended by all UNHCR field staff safety advisers (FSSAs), training them to teach the United Nations system security awareness training package.
Suggested changes to the Financial Regulations relating to the establishment of the Fund are set out in annex 1.
“(c) In line with Agenda 21 Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, 3–14 June 1992, vol.
In the agricultural sector, product coverage remains far from comprehensive under many schemes.
2. In paragraph 5 of its report concerning the general aspects of the financing of peacekeeping operations (A/52/860) and paragraph 1 of document A/52/860/Add.8, the Committee indicated that it had postponed consideration of the proposed budgets of MINURSO and UNMOT for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 in view of the pending action by the Security Council.
Detained in the West Bank since 4 December 1997
To some extent, however, the concerns of Norway had been met and his delegation considered that there was now a useful basis for the first sessions of the three Commissions.
18. The method of understanding distribution and income at the international level consists simply in comparing a country's annual product with the global product of the region or group of countries in question.
On the basis of the positive experience with the first two workshops for training statisticians in gathering and processing sex-disaggregated data, sponsored by UNESCO in Africa in 1996 and 1997, a similar workshop was held for Arab States.
The four previous education programmes had focused on remote sensing and geographic information systems (two courses), satellite communications and satellite meteorology.
As at 31 August 1998, the actual staff deployed in the mission area consisted of 199 military observers, 246 contingent personnel, 7 force orderly personnel, 81 civilian police, 246 international staff, 98 local staff and 10 OAU observers.
24. In response to the decision of the international community, UNDCP, in cooperation with other United Nations entities, is providing support to the Governments of producing countries for planning alternative development measures.
I am confident that Africans will not be found wanting, in stamina, in determination, or in political will.
50. Article 124 of the election law prohibits intimidation and/or undermining the secrecy of the ballot.
Cooperation activities in support of basic health care have involved considerable advocacy work for more government attention, and allocations, to primary health care in general, but have yet to show tangible results.
5. Before the adoption of the draft resolution, statements were made by the observers for Indonesia (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China) and Austria (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union).
Not only has the United Nations continued to provide humanitarian relief as well and as quickly as it could; it has also been the principal catalyst in finding more sophisticated ways of dealing with the plight of civilians in complex emergencies and in mobilizing the resources of the world community for this purpose as expeditiously as possible.
14. In its resolution on operational activities (resolution 1998/26), the Economic and Social Council emphasized the need for gender analysis to be an integral part of all operational activities and called for information on follow-up to the Beijing Conference to be incorporated in the triennial comprehensive policy review.
At 1850 hours Israeli forces fired two 120-mm mortar shells from their position at Ksarat al-Urush which fell on Mazra'at Uqmata.
Research, training and extension services in agriculture are particularly important for the diversification process, as illustrated in box 5, and diversification is frequently an important objective of such services.
Furthermore, the Committee encourages New Zealand to extend the application of the Convention with respect to the territory of Tokelau.
The point was also made in this connection that the date at which the Committee held its session was determined by priorities set by the General Assembly.
(a) description of structure, geographical scope, mode of operation, and possibilities to work for the Convention of the unit surveyed;
The SBI agreed to admit two new intergovernmental organizations and ten non-governmental organizations that had been screened by the secretariat, on the basis of the provisions in paragraph 6 of Article 7 of the Convention, without prejudice to the subsequent action by the Conference of the Parties (COP).
REVIEW OF THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE RECOMMENDATIONS AND DECISIONS ADOPTED BY THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY AT ITS TENTH SPECIAL SESSION
The suggestion was also made that that paragraph should be merged with paragraph 3.
143. The availability of standard documentation prepared in sufficiently precise terms was said to be an important element to facilitate the negotiations between project consortia and prospective lenders and investors.
(d) Governance: In line with the “Friends of Congo” process, UNDP has developed projects aiming at reinforcing the capacity of the Government to conceive programmes and reforms.
“(e) Strengthening its information and training services, and strengthening technical cooperation to expand export supply capabilities of developing countries;
At intervals between 1300 and 1800 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the South, the Western Bekaa and the coastal Shuf area at high altitudes and were met by ground-based anti-aircraft fire from units belonging to the Lebanese Army.
The Council had before it a note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report prepared by the Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia on the economic and social repercussions of the Israeli settlements on the Palestinian people in the Palestinian territory, including Jerusalem, and of the Arab population in the occupied Syrian Golan (A/53/163-E/1998/79).
It is proposed that the reserve fund be maintained at the same level of $600,000 as in the current biennium.
48. The Advisory Committee exchanged views with the Audit Operations Committee on the new relationship between the United Nations and the World Trade Organization with respect to ITC and any possible implications for the audit process.
3. The Board also noted the efforts of the international community to support African efforts through, inter alia, debt relief, extension of trade preferences, export compensatory mechanisms, resource flows to Africa and the various technical and financial assistance programmes extended bilaterally and multilaterally.
It also attempts to answer a number of important questions which have arisen in this regard, such as the need for the United Nations to ensure a balanced geographical representation among its partners in civil society, or ways in which it can respond to the growing demands of NGOs for of access to information and increased participation.
United Nations Angola Verification Mission
The total number of refugees and displaced persons is not known, but estimates range from 100,000 to 150,000.
29. The Comoros has instituted a number of structural reforms in order to embark on a course of sustainable development.
Ms. DE PEREZ VENERO (Panama) said there were fundamental contradictions in the presentation of the policy and guiding principles for implementing the staff separation programme described in paragraphs 5 to 11 of document PBC.13/16.
On the night of 26 to 27 April 1998, 22 civilians, including 7 men, 7 women and 8 children (ages 3-10) belonging to two Kashmiri families, were massacred in cold blood at Seri, Village Bandala (District Bhimber) in Azad Kashmir.
The lack of these three elements may result in arbitrary decisions, on the basis of which the United Nations Administrative Tribunal may be obliged to award damages.
Significant grant funding has been provided to the newly formed Ministry of Environment (which gained ministerial status in 1995) for capacity-building initiatives.
(a) Promote actions leading to the mobilization and channelling of financial resources to all levels in accordance with the provisions of the Convention.
Following a statement by the representative of the United States, the Committee agreed to postpone action on the draft resolution to a later date.
32. The Special Rapporteur has been informed of the presence in the Democratic Republic of the Congo of the London-registered firm Defence Systems Limited, which is responsible for guarding various mines and petroleum installations, as well as several embassies in Kinshasa.
Modifications have been made to data presentation, column headings and table titles in the interest of greater clarity and internal consistency.
This is to be made available to the participants, in all languages, at least 10 working days before their consideration.
In the field of judicial reform, for example, it is estimated that in early 1998, 23 projects supported by the Bank are under way or have been completed, with a further seven planned, ranging from simple studies of the court system in the case of Indonesia and Sierra Leone to major reforms of the judicial branch in Bolivia, the Russian Federation and Venezuela.
The budgeted amount of $725,000 provides for the cleaning of septic tanks ($80,000), cleaning of premises, garbage removal and solid waste disposal ($135,000), the hiring of an average of 40 cleaners under special service agreement arrangements ($324,000) and the engagement of a contractor at Banja Luka and Tuzla ($162,000).
The Executive Board discussed and agreed to the programme of work at its third regular session of September 1997.
DOCUMENTS BEFORE THE AD HOC GROUP ON THE BERLIN MANDATE AT ITS SEVENTH SESSION
Appointment of members of the Committee on Contributions
Moreover, poverty was a determining factor in environmental degradation, especially in the least developed countries.
14. ICAO - Council, one hundred and fifty-seventh session
The East Timor deputy police chief, Colonel Atok Rismanto, was quoted by Agence France-Presse as saying that a total of 109 people had been arrested and were being questioned to determine who would become suspects in the case.
2.5.2 Providing access to credit and productive assets to the poor through micro-finance
# It was decided by the Council that consideration of procedure provided for in its resolution 1503 (XLVIII) shall be made in private meetings.
C. Organization of the work of future sessions 7 4
At 0900 hours an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the South at high altitude.
Witnesses told the Special Committee that the phenomenon of violence among children was rampant and was reflected in sleeping disorders and problems in school.
These amounts included budgeted voluntary contributions in kind totalling $1,999,900.
After initially declaring himself capable of meeting the expenses of his defence before the Tribunal, the accused Hassan Ngeze subsequently retracted that claim and requested that counsel should be assigned to him.
Furthermore, Japan applies a rate of 30 per cent on tanned and prepared leather.
The meeting focused on actions that regional institutions, such as OAS, could take to promote increased regional implementation of Agenda 21 and helped to identify key regional actions that could further sustainable development objectives.
On instructions from my Government, I have the honour to transmit to you a press release issued by the Government of the Republic of Burundi concerning the situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (see annex).
In the second sentence, replace “Promotion and Public Services, the Library and Publications, and the Media Divisions” with “Promotion and Public Services Division, the Library and Publications Division, the Media Division and the United Nations information centres and services”.
In Burundi, women represented 50.6 per cent of the registered cases of persons tested as seropositive during surveys in 1995.
The construction of bridges is planned to connect the domestic transport system and to link Denmark to Sweden and Germany, across the Great Belt, Øresund and the Femern Belt, respectively.
Delayed processing of personnel actions/late receipt of invoices.
The message of the campaign could be based on the outcomes of the Second Assessment Report, and further reports of the IPCC and could focus on individual consumption patterns.
168. Some delegations expressed the view that the practice of sharing seats on a rotating basis should be ended, that the will and capacity of a State to contribute to the work of the Committee should be taken into account as elements in appointing members of the Committee and that, therefore, all rotating members should become full permanent members as early as possible.
(on macroeconomic policy questions: items 95 (d)
Any interpretation that creates rights and obligations not provided for by domestic laws does not correspond to our understanding.
I would be grateful if the present letter and its annex could be circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda items 37, 95 and 100.
The Assembly adopted the draft decision recommended by the Third Committee in paragraph 63 of the same report.
Accept, Sir, the assurances of my highest consideration.
Malaysia’s tariff will be 30 per cent or more for about one third of all peaks.
Nevertheless, the Committee expresses concern about the under—representation of ethnic Hutus in important political and social institutions of the country.
36. The confusion created by the lack of a clear definition as to what constitutes the “sale” of a child has not helped the members of the Working Group on the Draft Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child in dealing with the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography.
This could be assured through, for example, training seminars and workshops on ways to access funding from the sources identified and technical support for preparing funding requests.
35. The development of an activity-based costing system for conference services can be started using the information available in existing databases.
That had meant increased reliance on food imports to stave off famine.
The refinancing agreements were to be completed by March 1998 but would be voluntary on the part of creditors.
Demand reduction activities undertaken in parallel will also increase from $1.4 million to $3.5 million.
The Committee is particularly concerned at the lack of vocational training opportunities, in particular in rural and remote areas.
The Seminar was attended by 84 experts from all over the world.
Members of the Fifth Committee are reminded that the dead-line for the submission of candidatures to fill the vacant posts in subsidiary organs of the General Assembly under agenda item 17 (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f) and (g) will be Monday, 20 October 1997.
As the principles that govern the assembly of such molecules become better understood, they will be capable of correspondingly more complex functions.
We reiterate our full support for further development of this framework through concrete measures and schemes and welcome the decisions taken by the Ministers for Foreign Affairs on institutional aspects to increase efficiency and to streamline various projects, proposals and ideas.
The Government of the Sudan should bring all places of detention under the control of the Prison Service, take the necessary measures to bring prison conditions into line with article 10 of the Covenant and with the United Nations Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners, and cooperate with the international community and non-governmental organizations in this regard as appropriate.
Training workshop in multilateral economic negotiations for senior civil servants in Viet Nam
52. At its 1498th meeting, on 11 August 1998, the Special Committee considered the question of the control and limitation of documentation and noted that, during the year, it had taken further measures to control and limit its documentation in compliance with the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, in particular resolutions 34/50 of 23 November 1979, 39/68 D of 13 December 1984, 51/211 B of 18 December 1996 and 52/214 of 22 December 1997.
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/169 E), A/53/377.
The Programme has not replaced the Committee.
Before international action is required, I urge Governments in situations of potential or actual conflict to consider the appointment of special mediators or special commissions to look into the sources of the dispute, build confidence, and recommend practical solutions.
X. Action to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session
An alternate representative or an adviser may act as a representative upon designation by the head of delegation.
The Conference also recorded its support for the establishment of the International Criminal Court and welcomed the Ministerial Conference on Human Rights in Africa, scheduled to take place in Angola in October 1998.
Over the first seven years of our country's existence, we have built up an important tradition of parliamentary activity in the administration of the State.
13. Article 16 report No. 17 was issued on 31 October 1996, bringing the total number of claims reported to over 2.6 million for a total amount sought of over $20.4 billion.
Recalling the Cardiff European Council conclusions, in which grave concern was expressed at the lack of progress on the Syrian track, the European Union urges Israel not to implement the above-mentioned plan concerning the expansion of Golan settlements nor to take any other related steps which would jeopardize the peace process.
(c) Requested the secretariat to organize, together with the IPCC, an informal meeting at the next session of the SBSTA to discuss key issues to be addressed in the TAR;
31. In its resolution 1997/30 of 11 April 1997, the Commission on Human Rights requested the High Commissioner/Centre for Human Rights to convene the second workshop on a permanent forum.
Programme budget for the biennium 1998–1999
Computer controlled systems are playing an increasing role in recipe formulation, logistic and product control systems, including the increasingly important area of product traceability all the way to the farmer.
Therefore, States that were members of the Committee represented not just themselves but to some extent their respective regional group, which was an extremely important factor.
Representatives of the Palestine National Authority, the European Union, the Saudi Development Fund, the Arab Maghreb Union, the Islamic Development Bank, the Arab Union of Chambers of Commerce, Industry and Agriculture, the Arab Investors Union, the Union of Arab Banks, the Arab Investment Guarantee Corporation, the Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries, the Arab Council of Economic Union and the Arab Trade Financing Programme (Arab Monetary Fund) were also present.
As a result, the operational functions that the Department of Humanitarian Affairs had acquired since its establishment were transferred to other entities within the United Nations system, a process that will be completed shortly.
157. At its 14th and 15th meetings, on 12 June 1998, the Committee considered revisions to the medium-term plan for the period 1998–2001.
3. The disposition of the assets of peacekeeping operations is guided by the proposals of the Secretary-General contained in his report of 25 May 1994 (A/48/945 and Corr.1, para. 110) and the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions in its report of 18 November 1994 (A/49/664 and Add.1).
The point was made, however, that for it to be fully effective, the proposed convention should establish a clear and precise definition of the offences to be covered as well as a proper delimitation of its scope of application.
No further funding was available from my Government for other travel.
MICIVIH was deeply disappointed that the prison administration had not yet obtained approval for prison regulations and a code of conduct for prison guards drafted in 1997.
61. The representative of China said that access to and the use of information technologies were crucial for Chinese enterprises, and the trade efficiency programme provided a framework for mastering such technology.
The Council had before it the following documents:
In section V of resolution 52/222 of 22 December 1997, the General Assembly approved net resources totalling $50,069,500 for the biennium 1998-1999, comprising $15,655,900 for administrative costs, $33,942,900 for investment costs and $470,700 for audit costs.
Letter dated 2 October 1998 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly
97. In all the countries of the Special Rapporteur’s mandate, the human rights situation remains deeply affected by the failure to observe and implement basic democratic principles.
In 1962, the National Centre for Space Studies (CNES) was set up and the foundations of the French space industry were laid.
In order to enable the Bureau to carry out its functions effectively, consideration should be given to providing appropriate financial support, through extrabudgetary contributions, to members of the Bureau, particularly from the developing countries, so as to enable them to participate in the meetings of the Bureau, in inter-sessional meetings of the commission and in the sessions of the commission itself.
III. The exercise of civil and political rights
The Working Group recommended that a standardized mission-specific personal equipment listing be approved prior to deployment to a mission.
As a rule, both organizations inform each other about relevant arrangements and invite each other to participate in meetings.
Strong support has also been expressed for the establishment of a close network, linking the Centre with its interlocutors within the region, as a way of exchanging data and information related to disarmament and security.
Programme budget for the biennium 1996-1997 [115]
A statement was made by the Chairman, after which a vote was requested on the draft resolution.
Chloropicrin and methyl chloride mixture
277. With respect to the programme of work of ACC, the view was expressed that attention should continue to be given to the full implementation of United Nations global conferences and summits as a framework for addressing developmental issues, including poverty eradication.
The Conference of the Parties shall, at its first session after the entry into force of the Protocol, establish a multilateral consultative process including an Implementation Committee to review, at the request of a Party or Parties, the secretariat, or a Party in respect of itself, compliance with its obligations under the Protocol.
8. Requests the Secretary-General to invite all entities of the United Nations system, including the specialized agencies, funds and programmes, to be actively involved in preparatory activities and to participate at the highest level in the special session, including through presentations on best practices, obstacles encountered and a vision for the future to accelerate implementation and address new and emerging trends;
23. He suggested that the Commission could focus its future work on the following topics: the need to ensure a clear, stable and predictable economic and financial environment, which would favour foreign direct investment and the growth of international trade; the recognition of the importance of developing-country integration into the global economy, including international trade; the need for all countries to comply with the obligations undertaken in the Uruguay Round; the avoidance of the setting-up of new trade-restrictive measures by developed countries; the importance of reconfirming the need for special and differential treatment for developing countries; improved market access conditions for goods and services of export interest to developing countries; the establishment of measures which would help developing countries to increase their supply capability, their competitiveness, and their access to foreign financing; support to developing countries in the development of appropriate national policies to promote and attract foreign investments and assistance to enable them to better understand and benefit from the results of the Uruguay Round; and finally, increasing technical assistance activities in the area of commodities, including risk management, and contributing to the establishment of a fair international environment for commodities-exporting countries, which would guarantee equitable prices for both producers and consumers, increase productivity and encourage diversification.
At that meeting, experts had considered private international law issues connected with the substantive law provisions of the draft convention; the private international law priority provisions supplementing the substantive law priority provisions of the draft convention; and the private international law provisions that were potentially aimed at also covering transactions that fell outside the scope of the draft convention.
239. The representative of CCAQ expressed concern about the information provided by the secretariat.
The Committee is also concerned at the lack of timely or preventive measures of protection to the victims from police or military officials in the vicinity and at the persistent allegations of collusion of members of the security forces in terrorist attacks.
Briefing by Ambassador Richard Butler, Executive Chairman of the Special Commission established by the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraph 9 (b) (i) of Security Council resolution 687 (1991)
39. Over the past several years, the risks associated with persistent organic pollutants (POPs) have become of increasing concern to many countries, and have resulted in regional and global action, in addition to national programmes.
They have been compelled from time to time to exercise that right and have inflicted casualties doing so.
The Government of Cape Verde has not taken any measure counter to General Assembly resolution 52/10.
Recalling its resolutions 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960 and 1541 (XV) of 15 December 1960,
Convinced that the improvement of international relations forms a sound basis for promoting further openness and transparency in all military matters,
“Developments in the international arena in recent times have provided the United Nations with appropriate opportunities to play the role assigned to it under the Charter.
If liberalization of international trade leads to an abrupt reduction in government revenues, such shortfalls need to be compensated from other sources so as to avoid a decline in the provision of public services and not jeopardize the economic environment for development and diversification.
7. Urges the authorities of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro) and the Kosovo Albanian leadership to enter immediately into a meaningful dialogue, without preconditions and with international involvement, and to commit themselves both to a clear timetable, leading to an end of the crisis, and to a negotiated political settlement of the issue of Kosovo, and welcomes the current efforts aimed at facilitating such a dialogue;
Mindful of these needs, UNDP has sponsored a project to promote good governance which is being executed by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat.
Of this amount $9.3 million representing the unspent balance of appropriations for the biennium 1996-1997 has been approved by the General Assembly for projects to be undertaken in the biennium 1998-1999.
In addition, provision is made for the replacement of five base station VHF ($7,500), two repeater station VHF ($20,000) and six VHF pagers ($1,500).
The presentation will be given by the Permanent Representative of Denmark to the United Nations, H.E. Mr. Jorgen Bøjer, and the Commanding Officer of SHIRBRIG, Brigadier General Finn Særmark-Thomsen.
Other delegations supported the suggestion, however, and proposed that interested delegations might undertake the drafting of such a questionnaire.
The Commission at its fortieth session may wish to continue its consideration of that subject.
c Vacancy rates as forecasted in the initial budget estimates have been calculated on the basis of the phasing-in schedule contained in the budget rather than the authorized staffing.
63. Promoting youth entrepreneurship in rural areas with a view to assisting youth to embark on self-managing and self-financing activities;
In its original formulation, financial liberalization did not extend to international financial flows.
7. The following five eminent individuals served as honorary members of the Committee in an advisory capacity: Ms. Robin Chandler Duke, Chairperson, Population Action International; Mr. Miguel de la Madrid Hurtado, former president of Mexico; Mr. Dirk van der Kaa of the Netherlands; Ms. Shidzue Kato of Japan; and Ms. Victoria Sekitoleko, Minister of Agriculture, Animal Industry and Fisheries of Uganda.
(e) In order to provide a measure of flexibility in implementing the programme of work, allowed the Director-General to submit to the Industrial Development Board for consideration, within the limits of the approved programme and budgets and the financial regulations, proposals that he might judge beneficial for the proper functioning of the Organization;
A comprehensive and coherent national policy will certainly be more readily accepted at the international level, in particular when sectoral issues are discussed in different intergovernmental organizations or at different levels.
In that connection, the shortage of finance, both start—up capital and long-term finance, was a major problem for SMEs.
3. Decides that the payment of claims in accordance with paragraph 6 of decision 17 (S/AC.26/Dec.17 (1994)) and future decisions of the Governing Council on the priority of payment and the payment mechanism are in no way affected by this decision;
12. Regrets the continued lack of interest, support and financial resources for the Third Decade and its related Programme of Action, reflected in the fact that very few of the activities planned for the period 1994–1998 were carried out;
At its 13th plenary meeting on 10 October, the Conference, having considered further the rules of procedure, resolved some of the outstanding matters and took a further decision on the rules: see Part Two, decision 1/COP.1.
37. The need to give a stronger impetus to the HIPC initiative was recognized by the Chancellor of the Exchequer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland at the Commonwealth Finance Ministers’ meeting in September 1997.
Incorporation into electronic format for Internet dissemination of the following documents:
Thus, the permanent member could monopolize the situation and defy the Articles of the Charter, as has been seen on many occasions;
The resident coordinator system is increasingly focusing on integrating the follow-up to global conferences in differing national contexts.
The report of the Secretary-General contained in document E/1998/54 and Corr.1 surveyed progress in implementing the outcome of the Beijing Conference in the operational activities of the United Nations system.
The contributions of all actors are needed in this integrated effort: Governments and international organizations, as well as civil society, including non-governmental organizations, academic institutions, community initiatives and the media, all have vital roles to play.
Some of the specific initiatives mentioned include: the Climate Technology Initiative (CTI), the Greenhouse Gas Technology Information Exchange (GREENTIE), the Centre for the Analysis and Dissemination of demonstrated Energy Technologies (CADDET), and the International Model Forest Programme (IMFP).
These representatives and their followers then mobilize against communities of different faiths.
29. Documentation made available to OIOS makes it very clear that the United Kingdom had taken a unilateral decision and would not agree, under any conditions, to continue to provide the service.
But there were no changes in sectoral productivity levels, and market entry rates fell. / See UNCTAD, Trade liberalization in Chile: Experiences and prospects (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.91.II.D.18), 1992.
The United Nations Office for Project Services deployed international staff to the field in November 1997 and programme implementation has been rapid.
The Central Asian external and transit transport initiative, as elaborated in projects: KAZ/97/019; KYR/96/009/ TAJ/96/004/; TUK/96/007 and UZB/96/011 was launched in April 1995.
In particular, the Committee agreed that the United Nations Programme on Space Applications could play an important role in assisting developing countries in strengthening their capabilities in related space technologies and applications.
There was really no choice, as it would be grievous for the international community to retreat from multilateralism.
The recent Asian financial crisis attests to this.
However, the Competition Board may authorize the concentration provided that certain conditions are met in order to safeguard and develop competition.
UNDCP is the region’s principal multilateral drug-control partner of the region, with an average yearly expenditure of $20 million (1994-1996), working closely with the Inter-American Drug Abuse Control Commission (CICAD) of the Organization of American States (OAS), which delivers an average of $3 million per year (1994-1996).
108. The Board has noted these developments.
16. During the past year, cooperation between the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and OSCE, particularly in the field, further accelerated.
In Kisangani, Goma, Bukavu, and Uvira, WFP has assisted “food for work” projects designed to protect seeds, rehabilitate rural roads, protect national parks, reforest certain areas, etc.
Also, two communications had been received from non-Annex I Parties.
If necessary, meetings will continue on 30 January 1998.
The productivity of translation staff in respect of the total of 9 million words translated between 1994 and 1998 is significantly higher than the required Untied Nations rate.
These activities testify to an increasing range of work by the United Nations in the field, as its entities devote greater attention to the process of democratization and the promotion of good governance.
Despite the progress made, the task of institutional consolidation is not yet complete.
At the end of the course, the terrorists signed a pledge that they would serve loyally if called up “to liberate Kosovo” and were made aware that any disclosure to the Yugoslav authorities that they had undergone the secret training would be punished by death.
I have the honour to transmit herewith a copy of the letter of Mr. Živadin Jovanović, Federal Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, addressed to Mr. Bronislaw Geremek, Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Poland and Chairman-in-Office of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, dated 14 August 1998 (see annex).
Returnees have been actively participating in resettlement and rehabilitation activities, together with local populations.
However, procedures are flexible at the stage of the oral component regarding the use of languages other than English or French.
(e) Effective popular participation is an essential component of successful and lasting development;
18. With regard to the priority theme, the Commission adopted a resolution in which it decided to adopt agreed conclusions on the topic and to transmit them to the Economic and Social Council for consideration at its substantive session of 1998 and appropriate follow-up action, as well as to the Preparatory Committee for the Special session of the General Assembly, and to the Commission on Narcotic Drugs acting in the capacity of the preparatory body for the June 1998 special session of the Assembly devoted to countering the world drug problem together, at its second session in March 1998.
Arreglo de controversias según el derecho del mar (Settlement of disputes according to the law of the sea) (1989).
The four projects were ended by UNDP in December 1997.
Turkish presence in Cyprus should be accepted for what it is: a legal deterrent against the occupiers of the seat of the joint government who are using the title of the "Government of Cyprus" in order to harm the interest, equality and sovereignty of Turkish Cypriots.
12. Losses due to theft correspond to 8,566 items with a total inventory value of $22,533,718, constituting 59.4 per cent of the overall losses by all means.
5. On 25 August 1998, the Special Representative addressed the Minister of Foreign Affairs concerning the arrest of Iranian scholar Hojatoleslam Sayyid Mohssen Saeidzadeh.
Under item 5 on the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa, the Board adopted the agreed conclusions in TD/B/44/SC.2/L.2.
The applicants have requested an order to rescind the recovery of the overpayments and to return to them the amounts recovered.
S-10/2 Final Document of the Tenth Special Session of the General Assembly
The Committee was informed, on enquiry, that the three additional posts for the Executive Office represent conversions from gratis positions previously included in the Office of the Military Adviser.
Any body or agency, whether national or international, governmental or non-governmental, which is qualified in matters covered by this Protocol and which has informed the secretariat of its wish to be represented at a session of the Meeting of the Parties as an observer, may be so admitted unless at least one third of the Parties present object.
In the developed countries, tariff protection is more selectively applied: 25 per cent for trucks in the US; 22 per cent for trucks and 16 per cent for buses in the EU; and 25 per cent for ships and boats, including fishing vessels in Canada.
may order a corrective announcement to be published in respect of a previous information which may possibly deceive consumers;
Globally, UNICEF estimates that children account for at least half of the poor, which implies that more than 700 million children in the developing countries live currently in conditions of extreme poverty (on less than $1 a day).
When certain levels of violence and denial of human rights are reached, the international community finds itself compelled to act.
No figures were given on the number of addicts receiving codeine.
New obligations in 1997 aggregating $270 million were entered into by the Organization and payments of $262 million were made in 1997 in amounts approximately equal to those new obligations.
The 4 per cent increase in gross terms over the total resources of $19,872,800, provided for the maintenance of UNOMIG for the prior period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998, is justified in terms of increased requirements for civilian personnel, transportation, communications and other equipment.
Respect for the right to universal freedom of travel and the vital importance of family reunification
(i) In the relevant activities of UNCHS (Habitat); and
13. Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects (item 75).
In Eastern Europe an import and retail structure is beginning to emerge, but the importation of high-value processed horticultural products is still constrained by relatively low per capita incomes.
By its decision 16/CP.2, the COP decided that the Fund could also be used to finance participants from eligible Parties in meetings of expert bodies convened by any of the Convention bodies and in intersessional meetings of the Bureaux of the Convention bodies, and for the participation of Bureau members in consultations or official meetings relating to the UNFCCC process.
The Assembly was informed that, in order to allow time for the review of the programme budget implications of draft resolution A/52/L.68, action on the draft resolution would be taken at a later date to be announced.
Italy, however, has avoided establishing its own national target regarding GHG emissions.
UNCTAD attended 145 WTO meetings in the first 10 months of 1996.
(h) Protection of the environment, the ozone layer, solar cooking and indigenous knowledge;
(d) Targeted support to microenterprises is often provided in terms of, for example, help for preparing business plans or for improving their access to finance.
Provides secretarial and clerical support to the Technical Adviser.
The report further contains concrete examples of programmes and measures implemented at the national level, an evaluation of progress on the implementation of the Global Programme of Action and recommendations on ways and means of improving implementation.
During his visit, he held talks with the Chairman of the State Peace and Development Council (SPDC) and Prime Minister of the Union of Myanmar, Senior General Than Shwe; Secretary-1 of the SPDC, Lieutenant-General Khin Nyunt; and the Minister for Foreign Affairs, U Ohn Gyaw.
“Bearing in mind the need to support Rwanda in its efforts to promote and create a national human rights capacity on a long-term and sustainable basis,
"1. Notes with concern the wishes of the Interim Commission for the International Trade Organization to apply for termination of its membership in the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund effective 31 December 1998, in the light of the commitment of the General Assembly to preserve the United Nations common system of salaries and allowances;
17. Financing of the United Nations Protection Force, the United Nations Confidence Restoration Operation in Croatia, the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force and the United Nations Peace Forces headquarters (item 127).
Aérospatiale is developing the atmospheric re-entry demonstrator (ARD), which is an automated capsule that makes it possible to test re-entry materials as well as landing and recovery systems.
Ten Parties gave in addition projections for 2020 and 13 Parties provided sectoral projections only partially.
The Centre will submit to the Commission at its ninth session a report on the use and application of the United Nations Standard Minimum Rules for Non-Custodial Measures (The Tokyo Rules) (resolution 45/110, annex); the Guidelines on the Role of ProsecutorsSee Eighth United Nations Congress on the Prevention of Crime and the Treatment of Offenders, Havana, 27 August-7 September 1990; report prepared by the Secretariat (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.91.IV.2), chap. I, sect. C, resolution 26.
According to those procedures, nominations shall be sought from the Governments of Board member countries, UNICEF representatives, regional directors and other secretariat offices and National Committees for UNICEF, and the Bureau shall review all nominations.
In carrying out their operations, these companies do not hesitate to hire mercenaries to take charge of the military aspects.
In 1996, a refrigerator truck transporting Chinese nationals was stopped at the State frontier between Ukraine and Slovakia.
23. It is estimated that at the end of the year, the United Nations will owe $864 million to troop- and equipment-contributing countries, compared with $884 million at the end of 1997 and $838 million at the end of 1996.
Following its successful entry into the intended orbit, all the equipment on board the satellite functioned normally. The satellite was then successfully recovered after 15 days of orbiting in space.
70. At the 35th meeting, on 20 July, the Council adopted draft resolution II entitled “Revision of the medium-term plan, 1998–2001, of the Economic Commission for Africa”, recommended by the Economic Commission for Africa (E/1998/65/Add.2, chap. I, sect. D).
f Percentage over the life of the programme to 30 June 1998. Table 10
D. Living conditions of women and children
The Committee wishes in this regard to draw the attention of the State party to the recommendations formulated in the Agenda for Action adopted at the World Congress against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children, held in Stockholm in 1996.
Describe briefly how costs are determined:
35. Following discussion with government counterparts and experts in the area of social protection and humanitarian assistance, the following groups were identified as particularly vulnerable and requiring assistance: disabled adults and their families, disabled children and their families, isolated elderly pensioners, institutionalized adults, institutionalized children, orphans living with foster families, poor families with five or more children, single female-headed households, women of child-bearing age, adolescents of both sexes, street children, homeless adults, prisoners and ex-prisoners.
(e) That protection of human rights, land, property and investment derive from a legal framework and an adequate security system;
54. The way in which a community, be it at the local, national or international level, treats its children, particularly the neediest and most vulnerable children, is among the strongest criteria for assessing its sense of moral imperative.
He then withdrew draft resolutions A/C.2/52/L.13 and L.13/Rev.1.
The Secretary-General wishes to express his gratitude to the Governments of Norway and Togo for their contributions and to the Government of Togo for its support of the Centre.
Number of ballots cast: 177 Invalid ballots: 4
The plan takes effect from 1 August 1998, and is centred around a new institution, the Indonesian Debt Restructuring Agency (INDRA).
Audit and Management Consulting Division
Towards the end of the reporting period, specific delays were caused by lengthy random searches and checks carried out by Israeli customs officials at the bridge.
3. Notes with concern that the information provided by the Secretary-General fails to demonstrate the extent to which all gratis personnel accepted in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations provide very specialized expertise not available within the Organization, as is required under paragraph 4(a) of General Assembly resolution 51/243;
In addition, new trade opportunities are provided by emerging technologies which facilitate cross-border trade and by new forms of business organization adept at penetrating foreign markets.
One must admit that the structurally incomplete and incomprehensive nature of reforms is largely caused by the fact that Ukraine's development models were constructed without taking into account its peculiarity, the existing and future legislative framework and the state of people's psychological preparation for radical changes in their established and habitual lifestyles.
877. The Committee, while noting with appreciation the existence of various government bodies responsible for the welfare of children at the national and local levels, regrets the inadequate coordination among these bodies in promoting and protecting the rights of the child and developing a comprehensive approach to the implementation of the Convention.
Inclusion of children with disabilities into society was part of a process of social change to make a society in which human dignity was a living value.
(f) First United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty
Some have also requested access to informal negotiating meetings.
Ministerial and expert meetings to conduct consultations on political and security issues and promote cooperation in areas ranging from economic development and environmental questions to the human dimension, cultural exchanges, youth, reforms, combating terrorism and organized crime are all endeavours to respond to challenges to peace, stability and security in our region.
(b) Economic and technical cooperation among developing countries
However, in practice, the weakness of the private sector in some countries might necessitate a more active role on the part of the Government.
Informal Consultations on draft proposals under item 20 and all its sub-items conducted by H.E. Dr. Ernst Sucharipa (Austria) Committees
REPORT OF THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE TO INVESTIGATE ISRAELI PRACTICES
Having considered the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country, Ibid.
The database has been established at the United Nations Office at Geneva, with the involvement of several organizations affiliated with the tripartite process.
Review and recommendations in the concept paper prepared by the Secretary for the Board
Shrimps comes from Thai shrimp farms, calamari are caught in the Gulf of Thailand, and, interestingly, fish products are produced from relatively unusual species.
The Committee adopted the draft decision.
430. The Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea participated in the group of experts and has been closely involved in the preparation of the draft convention, which is being undertaken jointly by UNESCO and the Division.
Of that amount, approximately $549,098 has been recovered; those cases involved both staff members and non-staff members.
There were several flaws and improper provisions in a partnership agreement, which was prematurely concluded, to establish the Tierramerica Foundation.
III. REGIONAL AND INTER-REGIONAL CONSULTATION PROCESSES
In order not to duplicate questions and discussions on technical matters, it is of utmost importance that the Committee is able to rely on the technical competence of these subsidiary organs, which should enable the Committee to endorse their recommendations.
The Secretary-General points out that only a real commitment by Member States to meet their obligations fully will overcome the financial problems of the Organization.
Implementation of the outcome of the World Summit for Social Development: report of the Secretary-General (A/52/305) [46].
In 1996, the number of beacons using this system was more than 5,000 and it is growing steadily.
(a) The General Assembly, in accordance with Article 10 of the Charter, would make specific recommendations aimed at reducing areas where the veto can be applied;
2. Human resource management issues in the resident coordinator system
(a) Introduce a standard evaluation form to document performance assessments for all consultants, covering the extent to which they met deadlines, budgets and objectives;
There will be informal consultations of the Third Committee on the draft resolution on the implementation of the outcome of the Fourth World Conference on Women today, 29 October 1997, from 12 noon to 1 p.m. in Conference Room 4.
The strategy has been communicated to all African Governments and to the Secretary-General of OAU, and consultations have been undertaken with the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) with a view to mobilizing greater United Nations system-wide resources to support the realization of its objectives.
(b) Statement I includes two calculations of the excess (shortfall) of income over expenditure.
UNTSO United Nations Truce Supervision Organization
178. Owing to the lack of time, the Committee decided to continue its consideration of this question at the second part of its thirty-eighth session.
(i) Voluntary agreements with the car industry; and
FCCC/CP/1997/2/Add.1 Revised text under negotiation - addendum
44. The observer for Switzerland informed the Committee that the diplomatic community in Geneva owed debts exceeding 7 million Swiss francs.
Consideration of communications under article 22 of the Conven-tion [6]
200. On 23 February, OC Central Command, Maj.-Gen. Uzi Dayan, ordered the closure of Palestinian stores on Shalalah Street in Hebron in response to an incident in which three explosive devices were thrown at IDF troops on 22 February.
52. In the field of trade and investment promotion, ECE’s focus has been on the dissemination of best practices in investment promotion techniques, the promotion of private investment in infrastructure (road, rail, telecommunications, power generating networks, water systems etc.) and stimulation of investment in real estate.
VII. DEVELOPMENT AND TRANSFER OF TECHNOLOGIES
13. In June 1997, the first part (advances), of the education grant processing had been introduced; the second part (claims) was implemented in April 1998.
In response, UNHCR has entered into discussions with the International Save the Children Alliance (ISCA) about joint regional initiatives in the Horn of Africa and West Africa, with the objective of improving regional capacities to protect and care for children and adolescents, particularly unaccompanied minors, war-affected children and adolescents and those with particular educational needs.
In the light of article 29 (d), the Committee recommends that education on conflict resolution and education for peace, tolerance and friendship among all people be promoted in all schools.
18.3 To foster cooperation among member States, the Commission promoted bilateral as well as multilateral cooperation in the areas of trade facilitation, transport, common standards, scientific research and technological development, the efficient use of energy and environmental protection.
In the context of those concerns, paragraph 22 of General Assembly resolution 52/220 of 22 December 1997 was recalled.
77. League of Arab States (LAS) (G.A. res. 49/14 and 50/16).
318. The Committee recommends, as a matter of priority, the inclusion in gender equality programmes of a component to promote the gradual elimination of such harmful stereotypes, and a general awareness-raising campaign to eradicate them.
In addition, interrogators threatened to kill them and cited the names of persons who had died during interrogation.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments [17]
The work programme for 1998–1999 also includes a study on the role of microfinancing on the sustainable development of small and medium-sized enterprises.
(d) Employment promotion upon the closure of the West Bank and Gaza.
It was pointed out that “efficient” did not mean “cheap”.
V. Status of reimbursements to troop-contributing Governments
16. The support provided by the donor community in recent years has significantly helped to address acute transit transport constraints, particularly with regard to transit transport infrastructure.
He has been working to build strong partnerships with several regional and subregional organizations, including the Association of South-East Asian Nations, the Council of Europe, the European Union, the League of Arab States, OAU, the Organization of American States (OAS), the Organization of the Islamic Conference, and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE).
The United Nations and the Iraq/Kuwait Conflict (Blue Book series), (reprint), book released in Arabic in December 1997
What is needed is to further strengthen its news-gathering and timely distribution capacity.
Key recommendations made by the Board are:
Expressing its concern at the exploitation by Israel, the occupying Power, of the natural resources of the occupied Palestinian territory, including Jerusalem, and other Arab territories occupied by Israel since 1967,
The Legal Counsel of the United Nations also held meetings with the Secretary-General of AALCC.
Reaffirming the obligation of all States to promote and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms as stated in the Charter of the United Nations, also reaffirming the obligations contained in later human rights instruments, in particular article 5 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women Resolution 34/180, annex. and article 24 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, Resolution 44/25, annex. and mindful of article 2, subparagraph (a), of the Declaration on the Elimination of Violence against Women, Resolution 48/104.
(b) To ensure, in collaboration with Member States, a wide and effective programme of public information related to the preparations for the Tenth Congress, to the Congress itself and to the implementation of its conclusions;
9. The contract was subsequently amended on 15 and 19 November 1996 in order, inter alia, to revise the scope of work by reducing the number of outlets to be installed from 2,649 to 2,252 and to extend the system cut-over date to 15 November 1996 and final acceptance to 15 December 1996 for a total revised cost of $3,002,550.
Responses received for the preparation of the present report indicate that development challenges are becoming more complex, requiring greater cooperation and the convergence of the work of different organizations in the follow-up to global conferences.
Implementation of the modified form of food support introduced in the previous reporting period – whereby a cash subsidy equivalent to $40 per person per year replaced certain lesser-valued commodities in the food ration, with the other commodities still being distributed in kind – continued to proceed smoothly, although in late 1997 the cash subsidy was disbursed behind schedule owing to delays in receipt of funding.
Action on draft resolution A/C.3/52/L.57
14. The Forum recognized the special circumstances of the smaller Forum member countries in the implementation of economic reforms under the Action Plan and the need for strong support for their reform processes by regional organizations and the donor community.
The defensive intentions of my Government, with regard to the S-300 missile system, have been made very clear all along.
9. Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997–2006) (item 98).
Just yesterday, a Palestinian youth, twenty-one year old Amjad Al-Natshe, was killed by Israeli troops during clashes in Al-Khalil.
The Organization had to develop an entire aviation support structure to manage approximately 140 military and commercial aircraft, and it assigned staff who had to function without the benefit of a long introduction to commercial aviation management.
Market entry is generally more difficult for processed products than for raw materials owing to the more complex and exacting requirements that exporters must comply with for processed products.
(d) Changing international demographic conditions, such as the AIDS pandemic, and new developments on such issues as international migration, as well as the ageing of populations, call for innovative strategies and policies at both the national and international levels.
(e) [as (d) in alternative 3 in JIGE(IX)/2, page 13];
He also selectively considered the laws and administrative regulations of certain countries in relation to this matter.
174. It was noted that the availability of administrative or judicial remedies was an essential element in ensuring the transparency and fairness of a selection procedure.
Although it is not yet known what its role is, it can become an important factor in the protection and promotion of human rights.
I will be reporting to Member States on possible further steps in this regard as soon as possible.
Surely, this is a precedent that this Commission cannot allow to stand.
Owing to the delay in the recruitment of staff, a number of advisory services could not be delivered as planned.
I call on all the people represented here to support the bill on the implementation of the Interim Agreement banning all activity of a political or similar nature that is not in keeping with honouring Israel’s sovereignty in Jerusalem.”
The GM would undertake the task of organizing the consortia upon request and undertake facilitating tasks during the critical stages of the process.
The Board further recommends that the codifiers be provided with training to enhance their efficiency.
It was considered that the narrative of the two new subprogrammes was clear and had been drafted in accordance with the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programming Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation.
Training and research: United Nations Institute for Training and Research [100]
1. On 16 December 1996, the General Assembly adopted resolution 51/155 entitled “Status of the Protocols Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 1949 and relating to the protection of victims of armed conflicts”.
Some organizations are concerned that there are issues of confidentiality and organization-specific issues that may make a system-wide approach inappropriate.
Therefore, the need for sustainability of healthy living conditions has to be taken fully into account.
Measures must also be taken to ensure that discipline in school is administered in conformity with the provisions of article 28, paragraph 2, of the Convention.
The second set of off-site Internet training course has been scheduled by the Information Technology Services Division (ITSD) to take place from 17 to 24 November 1997.
The seventh session of the SBSTA will be opened by the Chairman at 3 p.m. onMonday, 20 October 1997.
6. The Fifth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
Relationship to COP. The Global Mechanism will function under the authority and guidance of the COP and be accountable to it.
78. It is time for Member States to recognize that humanitarian/human rights/development activities do not substitute for political action.
In principle, the European Union supports the recommendation of the Panel to consider the possibility of convening an international conference on the illicit arms trade in all its aspects, based on the issues identified in the report.
9. Bearing in mind the conditions enunciated by the General Assembly in its resolutions 35/218 and 46/185 A and the comments of the Advisory Committee, the Secretary-General took note of the arguments put forward by the President of the Tribunal.
She further said that the composition of the Bureau should be limited to the elected Bureau, although in her group’s view the Chairman could invite other Committee members to participate on an equitable geographic basis.
1. Strongly condemns once again all the extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions that continue to take place throughout the world;
6.6.2.8.2 Pressure-relief devices shall be designed to prevent the entry of foreign matter, the leakage of liquid and the development of any dangerous excess pressure.
Mbanzulu Pépé Bikandu (FONUS member): arrested on 7 February.
In that context, in its resolution 571 (XXVII), ECLAC urged Governments to ensure that reproductive health and gender equality are considered a central component of all strategies for social development and of their plans to eradicate poverty.
611. The Committee wishes to express its appreciation for the constructive dialogue engaged with the delegation.
Chapter I briefly describes the theory and provides empirical evidence for the benefits of competition in terms of static and dynamic efficiency and consumer welfare and some trade-offs which may arise.
203. The countervailing view was that the subject matter dealt with in the guide touched upon a number of public law and policy issues and that it would therefore be difficult to attempt to formulate model provisions that adequately took into account the differences between legal systems and the variety of policy options.
The area of property losses is no less affected in this regard.
“(a) Any divorced spouse of a participant or former participant, separated on or after 1 April 1999, who was entitled to a retirement, early retirement, deferred retirement or disability benefit, or of a participant who died in service on or after that date, may, subject to the provisions of article 34 (b) (applicable also to widowers), request a former spouse’s benefit, if the conditions specified in paragraph (b) below are fulfilled;
(b) Report of the Secretary-General on the work of the Fourteenth Meeting of Experts on the United Nations Programme in Public Administration and Finance (E/1998/77).
Personnel, material and administrative measures to provide for the security and control of United Nations assets are systematically implemented in peacekeeping operations.
In the case of verbatim records, such exceptional corrections will be resorted to only to revise errors or omissions in the original language version of a statement.
II. Consideration of draft resolution A/C.6/53/L.19/Rev.1
(b) United Nations disarmament fellowship training and advisory services
In a concerted effort, relevant agencies will also pursue vigorously the reintegration processes they initiated in the countries of origin.
The planned and actual deployment of local staff are shown in annex III.
∙ Requested the Secretary-General to bring the resolution to the attention of all Member States, to seek their views and information on the implications and negative effects of unilateral coercive measures on their populations and to submit accordingly a report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session (para. 7);
21. Alteration and renovation of premises.
(c) Human rights advocacy as part of the policy dialogue with Governments and supporting the follow-up to the major global conferences organized in the 1990s, bearing in mind the human rights perspective.
244. On 14 May, fire damaged one of the wooden gates to the Temple Mount in what police stated was an arson attack.
62. Overall, regional reports and international meetings have concluded that the amounts of drugs being trafficked through the Caribbean continue to rise more rapidly than local seizure and interception rates suggest.
(g) The Charter of Economic Rights and Duties of States (General Assembly resolution 3281 (XXIX));
The Committee thus concluded consideration of agenda item 98 (f).
According to the United States, Italian enforcement authorities were currently investigating the case.
90. Efforts have to be made to ensure that workers in developing countries receive fair remunerations, related to those paid in developed countries, and are not exploited for the mere economic benefit of transnational corporations.
The representative of the United States made a statement.
Thus, for example, article 44 of the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations states: "The receiving State must, even in case of armed conflict, grant facilities in order to enable persons enjoying privileges and immunities, other than nationals of the receiving State, and members of the families of such persons, irrespective of their nationality, to leave at the earliest possible moment.
This will confirm which States are Parties to the Convention and therefore eligible to participate in decision-making.
One of the bodies was found with its hands tied behind its back and a note reading “We are sorry, but this has to be done because it is our job to cleanse communities ...”.
The Committee is also concerned about the gap between existing legislation and its practical implementation.
It was estimated that between 235 and 250 shops had been closed in the Old City.
(c) The additional cash resources for the staff separation reserve could be secured: (i) by voluntary contributions from Member States on the understanding that contributions for 1998 for the budget and staff separation reserve would not exceed 1997 assessed contribution levels; (ii) by way of advances from Member States to the Organization, on the understanding that those advances would be repaid as and when the arrears of assessed contributions are paid, or deducted from future contributions;
4. Canada did not provide any information on its financial contributions to the GEF.
The following report reviews cooperation with United Nations agencies, and also highlights their areas of focus in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda.
Report of the Secretary-General containing an assessment of the water supply and sanitation situation in developing countries (General Assembly resolution 50/126)c
On finance, the issues related, among other things, to measures not only to mobilize resources but also to channel them to SMEs.
It is in this context that the Department assumed coordinating responsibilities for mine action, including the management of the Voluntary Trust Fund.
It is hoped that the agreement will also lead to joint law enforcement activities to expand their profiling and targeting programmes, which is essential in view of the average of 60,000 containers being processed monthly through the port of Durban alone.
793. The situation in relation to the administration of juvenile justice, and its incompatibility with articles 37, 39 and 40 of the Convention and other relevant international standards, is a matter of concern to the Committee.
Emplacement, rotation and repatriation of troops
54. The Board recommends that the United Nations Office for Project Services review the use of ex post facto and retroactive agreements with the aim of eliminating the practice.
144. The representative described several temporary special measures which had been adopted by the Government, including education committees relating to women, the appointment of women to decision-making positions and poverty alleviation measures to improve the economic status of women.
4. Encourages the participants in such process to intensify their cooperation and collaboration in the work on benchmarks and indicators in the furtherance of the aims and objectives of the Convention;
And they have made it clear that reconstruction does not simply mean rebuilding the society as it was before the conflict, but also addressing the socio-economic causes of the conflict.
Subsequently, it was confirmed that the programme had been approved on 19 October 1996, although its full funding is not yet guaranteed.
Recalling also its resolution 48/65, adopted without a vote on 16 December 1993, in which it commended the final report of the Ad Hoc Group of Governmental Experts to Identify and Examine Potential Verification Measures from a Scientific and Technical Standpoint, BWC/CONF.III/VEREX/9 and Corr.1. agreed to by consensus at the last meeting of the Ad Hoc Group at Geneva on 24 September 1993,
Belgium also provides an “envisaged measures” scenario and a “long-term measures” scenario that produce greater emission reductions, but they are not presented here.
States parties had made efforts to respect and implement the Convention through the passage of legislation and other measures.
Indeed, discussions on foreign investment were gradually becoming one of the most important systemic issues in the world economy, with strong linkages to the current debate on the liberalization of financial markets and the issues these raised.
The Lecture will be followed by a question-and-answer period.
Implementation of programmed outputs by percentage
(b) The normal standard of accommodation is not available and, owing to the exigencies of the service, the traveller is required to travel on a particular date.
45. Although some progress has been made to improve the management of letters of assist, as indicated in paragraph 68 of the report of the Board of Auditors, the Advisory Committee notes that many of the other deficiencies previously identified still persist (see paras. 68–87).
(a) The early signature and ratification of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty See resolution 50/245. by all States with a view to its early entry into force, and cessation of nuclear tests pending its entry into force;
Miscellaneous expenditure on financially completed project and reduction of support costs
The other was The Impact of Chaos on Science and Society, which will be published in Japanese.
Note by the UNCTAD secretariat GE.97-50619
Every maternal death has to be reported to a committee for a review of underlying causes and methods of future prevention.
42. The Committee recommends that the State party strengthen the existing overall priority which is given in the national budget to child-related programmes in accordance with article 4 of the Convention.
1288. The Committee recommends that the system of data collection and development of indicators be adjusted to include all children up to the age of 18, with a view to incorporating all the areas covered by the Convention.
2. Add the following entries to Table 12.1
3. Having the advantage of being held as the closing United Nations conference of the decade, Habitat II had the opportunity of drawing key principles from the deliberations of other conferences and of forging a comprehensive plan of action into concrete commitments and actions at the level where they matter most: the cities, settlements and communities where people work and live.
“9. Working with the World Bank, IMF was exploring ways to accelerate public enterprise and financial sector reforms, to improve the assessment of medium-term investments needs and the capacity to absorb external financing, and to identify potential adverse social consequences of reforms.
The three-day event focused on the impact that the Declaration has had on societies around the world.
976. The Committee is concerned at the lack of awareness and information on ill-treatment and abuse of children, including sexual abuse, both within and outside the family, and the lack of appropriate measures and mechanisms to prevent and combat such abuse.
• It is important to maintain a balance between cross-sectoral and sectoral issues in conference follow-up.
This would be complemented by IFAD through an allocation of 30% of its NGO Extended Cooperation Programme, presently estimated at USD 2 million, for NGO/GRO pilot activities in support of the CCD.
(a) To take the necessary logistic steps, in collaboration with Member States and the institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network, to mobilize the participation of interested partners in the preparations for the four workshops;
With regard to the above assurances, the responsibility of UNDP is limited to the services provided by UNDP to UNFPA, as per the management agreement currently in force and its subsequent amendments, and in conformity with UNFPA financial rule 116.2.
9. The Board’s main recommendations are that the Programme:
The Board examined and approved the financial statements and schedules for the year ended 31 December 1997, and considered the report of the Board of Auditors on the accounts and operations of the Fund.
The authorities refused to let her proceed, and she refused to return to Yangon.
2. Working Towards Child-Friendly Cities (The report of the UNICEF/UNCHS (Habitat) Workshop on Children Rights after Habitat II: A Forward-Looking Workshop for the Creation of Child-Friendly Cities, Istanbul, 5 June 1996).
The Committee expresses its concern at the lack of specific mechanisms to register and address complaints from children concerning violations of their rights under the law.
146. The Committee welcomes the decision of the Government to hold a press conference in Nepal prior to the consideration by the Committee of its initial report, as a means to create awareness in the public at large of the international commitments undertaken to promote and protect children's rights.
The provisional agenda has been recast from those proposed at previous sessions to reflect the shift in emphasis towards negotiations so that the terms of the Berlin Mandate can be successfully fulfilled by the third session of the Conference of the Parties (COP 3).
60. The adoption of annex II on confidentiality had been postponed by the Commission at its second session pending a positive resolution of the question raised as to the liability of its members in the event of an allegation by a submitting State that a breach of confidentiality had taken place.
There are two difficulties involved in this form of illegal practice:
Evidence regarding the death of Sharif remained inconclusive, however.
. RailTracker: By far more effort and resources have gone into the development and implementation of the railway module of ACIS, at the request of users.
Landlocked – Review of transit agreements
This the Government pledges to do as a sacred duty.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recom-mended by the Fifth Committee in paragraph 7 of its report (A/52/547) (resolution 52/8).
This programme targets the academic community and policy makers in developing and former socialist countries.
During the last few years, the Committee has paid more attention to the study of cancer risks in various groups with exposure to plutonium in some nuclear facilities and radon in mines and homes.
There is a need to devise mechanisms for the prevention and mitigation of natural disasters, with the full participation of the communities involved.
Procurement of some of the 376 replacement vehicles was initiated in July 1997, while procurement of the remaining vehicles was not initiated until the mandate of UNMIBH had been extended by the Security Council beyond 21 December 1997.
As can be seen from annex I to the present report, of the $2,527,700 apportioned for assistance for disarmament and demobilization, as at 31 January 1998, only an amount of $32,500 had been expended.
It was also pointed out that the overall guidance referred to in paragraph 26.4 (a) was provided by the intergovernmental bodies, and not by the Secretariat, and that the latter was to follow those guidelines.
As reflected in part III of the agreed conclusions, the Council, at this segment, took a number of steps to harmonize the intergovernmental consideration of poverty eradication and to ensure that the different dimensions of poverty are covered in a complementary way by its functional commissions and by the Council itself, also taking into account other fora, in particular policy-making organs of specialized agencies.
As a result of these structural changes, this would be the last session of the Group to be held in UNCTAD.
In accordance with financial rule 110.14, and after a full investigation, the write-off of three uncollectable receivables amounting to $86,134 was approved by the Deputy Executive Director, under the authority of the Executive Director during the 1996–1997 biennium.
Both of the assumptions in (d) above are subject to review at COP 3 (see decisions 14/CP.1 and 14/CP.2).
He also drew attention to the fact that, by paragraph 3 of its resolution 1165 (1998), the Security Council had decided that, as an exceptional measure, three out of the nine newly elected judges, who would be designated by the Secretary-General in consultation with the President of the International Tribunal, were to commence their terms of office as soon as possible following the elections in order that the new third Trial Chamber created by that resolution might begin to function at the earliest possible date.
Structured requests for national reports will have been sent but responses will not have been completed nor will analysis be far advanced.
(a) Complementary communications 2 787 900
57. Bilateral agreements have been signed with the World Bank and UNHCR to collaborate with and complement each other in rehabilitation, reconstruction and reintegration efforts in the countries that are emerging from post-conflict situations.
WG 8 Ad Hoc Working Group on Trading Opportunities in the New International Trading Context
In the immediate wake of this decision, government officials explained to the Special Rapporteur that resources were exhausted and that a continued influx could pose a threat to the internal security of the Republic.
(c) The square brackets around operative paragraph 10 were deleted;
“5. The Council emphasizes the need for a comprehensive and integrated approach to the promotion and protection of human rights based on effective coordination of efforts by United Nations bodies and specialized agencies.
In the past, information on clandestine ATS manufacture and other aspects of illegal trade in ATS was available in underground literature.
IV. Living conditions in the West Bank and Gaza Strip
An initial order for 14 Ariane 5 satellites has been signed.
17. The UNEP manual on project design, approval and evaluation sets out the conditions relating to the submission of audit certificates.
1. No provision is required under this heading.
It will focus on the provision of comprehensive guidelines and coordination of the work of other organs to ensure a multidimensional, integrated and gender-sensitive approach to poverty eradication in accordance with, inter alia, the provisions of the Programme of Action of the World Summit for Social Development, the Platform for Action, adopted by the Fourth World Conference on Women, and General Assembly resolution 50/227.
Terms of reference and modalities of work
For further information, contact the Audio-Visual Promotion and Distribution Unit (room S-0805A, ext. 36982).
In this regard, an ACC publication on common themes of the reform processes in the United Nations system was looked forward to.
However, the impact of the disasters caused by Hurricane Mitch will require the region to make a concerted and extraordinary effort to preserve the progress already achieved and increase the pace of our economic and social development.
Letter dated 5 February 1998 from the Permanent Representatives of Bangladesh, India and Pakistan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the Joint Declaration of the Bangladesh-India-Pakistan Business Summit, held at Dhaka on 15 January 1998 (A/53/69)
He threatened that anyone who violated the ban would be tried before the military courts.
The present report therefore includes a discussion of the complaint brought by the Government of Cuba, currently under investigation, regarding attacks carried out by mercenaries, acting for third parties, to cause chaos and political destabilization in that country.
Unfortunately, the United Nations suspensions in southern Afghanistan during April/June 1998 and at Kabul during July/August 1998 were a setback.
“(b) The fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament;
Mr. Rubens Ricupero, Secretary-General of UNCTAD made an introductory statement.
The Board noted that gratis military personnel were sometimes assigned functions such as verification of claims, processing reimbursement for contingent-owned equipment and development of personnel databases that were core staff functions normally performed by Secretariat staff.
Thus, the Chief Procurement Officer was given extraordinary authority, despite the fact that there had been earlier serious allegations necessitating a commission to review the procurement actions in South Africa.
193. At the 46th meeting, on 30 July, the Council adopted draft decision 7, entitled “A permanent forum for indigenous people in the United Nations system”, recommended by the Commission on Human Rights (E/1998/L.24, chap. I, sect. B).
At 2355 hours an Israeli gunboat at sea off the coast between Rashidiyah camp and Mansuri fired bursts of medium-weapons fire in all directions.
Offers by Member States of study and training facilities for inhabitants of Non-Self-Governing Territories
A decision was taken by UNDCP management to shift priorities, and this activity is now being terminated.
Programme performance of the United Nations for the biennium 1996-1997
The Committee resumed its consideration of this agenda item.
By the same channel, the three officials would be informed about the final result, positive or negative, of the Board’s and of the experts’ activities.
282 Suspensions with a flash point of not more than 60.5 °C should bear a flammable liquid subsidiary risk label.
Innovative techniques to be utilized by a new type of sensors which have operational capabilities and are well suited to long-term deployment have been recently developed.
A daily allowance for incidental expenses is paid to all military personnel at a rate of $1.28 per person per day, payable in local currency.
The Administration stated that the entire amount was paid in one lump sum to utilize the unliquidated obligations created in the biennium 1992-1993, which could be carried over to only the first year of the next biennium.
On this same subject, one delegation asked that the Department of Public Information “diversify its linguistic programmes” to include Farsi.
101. The Special Committee was informed of the extremely long periods, sometimes several years, that Palestinians spent in administrative detention.
However, it should be noted that a significant amount of work is involved in preparing this transition plan.
"Convinced that the Baku Accord on Regional Cooperation against Illicit Cultivation, Production, Trafficking, Distribution and Consumption of Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances and their Precursors, will contribute to the enhancement of the struggle against illicit trafficking in drugs,
The second set of off-site Internet training course has been scheduled by the Information Technology Services Division (ITSD) to take place from 17 to 24 November 1997.
36. The obligations of all States parties to a nuclear-weapon-free zone should be clearly defined and legally binding and States parties should fully comply with those agreements.
14. The spokesman for the Latin American and Caribbean Group (Mexico) regretted the fact that the late submission of documentation had led to constant postponements of the session.
These amounts are not reflected in the financial statements.
Agreed conclusions 439 (XLIII): UNCTAD's publication policy Originally circulated in TD/B/43/SC.2/L.3, section B.
8. The Third Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft decisions:
Financing of the United Nations Operation in Mozambique
UNJSPF Secretariat of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund and the United Nations Staff Pension Committee
16. The General Assembly, in paragraph 14 of its resolution 51/232, invited voluntary contributions to UNDOF both in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General.
The confrontations stopped only after the demonstrators were overpowered by Palestinian police.
(e) Category E, from corporations, other private legal entities and public sector enterprises;
The Committee also expresses its serious concern at the increase in the number of child prostitutes and the fact that the State party does not have a clear strategy to combat the abuse and sexual exploitation of children.
There are various reasons why it is appropriate to discuss BITs at this meeting:
CSA also agreed to expand this initiative to include its Internet Database Service and to extend the service to any African LIFDC that has access to the Internet.
Even after a lapse of more than two years, the case had not been presented to the Headquarters Committee on Contracts.
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith a copy of the statement issued by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the United Arab Emirates concerning the underground nuclear tests recently conducted out by India and Pakistan.
6. At the 59th meeting, on 27 March, the representative of Australia, on behalf of the Chairman, introduced a draft resolution entitled "Procurement reform and outsourcing" (A/C.5/52/L.31), submitted on the basis of informal consultations.
13. In its report for the biennium ended 31 December 1995, the Board expressed concern about the long outstanding cash assistance to Governments and the recording of such assistance as programme expenditure at the time funds were advanced to Governments contrary to the definition of programme expenditure in the UNICEF Financial Regulations and the Policy Manual on Accounts.
c. Establishment of a United Nations Office in
The Committee thus concluded consideration of agenda item 97 (f).
It also welcomes the establishment of family courts following the adoption of the Family Code.
Protection of and assistance to refugees
Collaboration with industry might further strengthen the process of identifying technology information needs and solutions.
“Taking into account the discussions in the Congress of the United States of America on relations between Puerto Rico and the United States of America,
5. Bearing in mind the relevant provisions of the Convention and the recommendations of the INCD, the COP may wish to consider any recommendations from the Committee on Science and Technology regarding the establishment of the roster, including possible guidance to the Secretariat as to steps to be undertaken for making the roster more balanced in terms of geographical distribution, disciplines and gender representation.
Noting that the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board, had given its concurrence to the proposed agreement between the Government of the Russian Federation and the Board, and had requested the Board to provide information to the Assembly at its fifty-third session on the developments in respect of the further steps envisaged under paragraph 5 of section IV of resolution 51/217,
Statements were made by the representatives of Georgia and Qatar.
6. The participants in the follow-up mechanism are representatives from interested countries, in particular those countries involved in organizing the International Conferences of New or Restored Democracies, the United Nations system, academia and non-governmental organizations.
16. At Congo-Brazzaville, UNICEF maintained emergency activities during five months of the war in order to assist children, women and other vulnerable groups in the sectors of health, nutrition, water and sanitation and psycho-social care for traumatized children.
(d) Spain v. Canada, concerning fisheries jurisdiction.
Everyone has the right, individually and in association with others:
175. On 26 June 1998 the international community observed the first United Nations International Day in Support of Victims of Torture.
28. The United Nations remains committed to the consolidation of the peace-building process in El Salvador.
Nevertheless, taking account of the clear inadequacy of existing funding and the apparent certainty of continuing budgetary stringency within the Organization as a whole, they believed that it was now appropriate to build upon an approach which seemed capable of immediately increasing the support available, which was to seek voluntary funding for the work of the six treaty bodies.
At the time of the next review, the Commission decided that the amounts of hazard pay for both categories of staff would be examined.
Israeli officials charged that the Palestinian Authority put most of its intelligence effort into monitoring and interrogating suspected Palestinian collaborators.
The total number of regular budget posts should be four.
UNOL has also been assisting the Ministry of Education in a programme initiated by the Carter Center, to put in place a national strategy for human rights education within the school system.
66. On 18 February, Judge Selemani, who had been ordered to execute a sentence against the Communal President of AFDL in Kimbanseke, Songo Titi Lambert, for offences against the Magistrature, was arrested by order of the Provincial President of AFDL, Kay Kumuimba. Two other magistrates were forced to go into hiding.
Due to other United Nations agencies 21 332
The high cost of detection and eradication measures in remote areas is, however, a serious obstacle to establishing effective eradication programmes.
According to one witness, the Jerusalem municipal authorities had stopped repair work and had taken the decision to bring down a number of mosques in the city.
There is a growing perception that interventionist policies have hindered progress in improving the efficiency of transit operations and the quality of services and contributed to the high cost of transportation.
The detailed monthly deployment is shown in table 1.
Crime prevention and criminal justice [103]
(b) Sub-group (b): equipment lost with an inventory value of $6,478,100 and residual value of $2,990,500.
(g) Relationship between disarmament and development;
Such shares did not, however, carry voting rights.
27. Regarding human rights, Mullah Omar indicated that the Taliban authorities were ready to cooperate with an international investigation into the reported mass killings and mass graves of Taliban fighters in Mazar-i-Sharif, Dasht-i-Leli, in the jail of Bamyan and the recent claims and reports of mass killings.
The additional requirements of $50,500 under this line item resulted from the settlement in October 1996 of utility bills for the period 1 October 1995 to 30 June 1996.
300. On 22 December, it was reported that the implementation of a ruling by a military judge that an administrative detainee undergo a medical test was still pending one month after being issued.
On the proposal of the Chairman the Committee adopted a draft decision taking note of the report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme as contained in document A/52/25.
1. Unilateral coercive measures as a breach of international law and violation of the right to development
For nationally executed programmes/projects, a maximum of 5 per cent is charged for programme support.
4. Table 1 of the annex presents data on the engagement of consultants and individual contractors by department or office for 1996–1997.
However, this study shows that problems of high tariffs are still widespread.
One of the cases for which the Claimant seeks compensation involved the payment of assistance from 11 November 1992 to 28 February 1994 to an Iraqi citizen who was granted political asylum in Germany in 1992.
As coordinator of the group of Arab Mediterranean States, Algeria made its contribution to the maintenance and strengthening of this process, which constitutes a fundamental political achievement.
Programme of work of the Conference of the Parties
In addition, both the Czech Republic and Slovakia assume substantial changes in industrial production and anticipate shifts from (heavy) industry to the service sector.
A third Trial Chamber, consisting of three additional judges and a rotating judge, is required.
Messages were received on the occasion from the following non-governmental organizations: African Committee of the World Peace Council, Association of Women of the Mediter-ranean Region, Association for Analysis of the Society and Political Education, Asociación Cultural Israelita de Córdoba, Association Sénégalaise des Professeurs d'histoire et de géogra-phie, Committee for Israeli-Palestinian Dialogue, Indo- Palestine Solidarity Organization, Latin American Confederation of YMCAs and The Palestinian Network in Sweden.
As a consequence, it will only present some issues central to the understanding of the human rights dimension of the phenomenon of terrorism and then conclude with methodological considerations relating to the future work of the Sub—Commission.
The Committee also expressed the view that the media could play a pivotal role in monitoring the realization of the rights of the child.
99. At the 47th meeting on 31 July, the Council, on the proposal of the President, took note of documents considered in connection with the question of economic and environmental questions.
In Lebanon, only some first-level courses in astrophysics are given by the Faculty of Sciences of the Lebanese University.
11. Write-off of losses of cash, receivables and property
Letter dated 14 May 1998 from the Permanent Representative
The revised budget estimates for the biennium 1998-1999 submitted by the Secretary for the consideration of the Board amounted to $54,593,700, consisting of $17,300,600 for administrative costs, $36,672,600 for investment costs and $620,500 for audit costs.
Document: Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur (Council decision 1998/263), A/53/433.
111. The Board examined 4 missions that were funded from the regular budget and 13 special missions during the 18-month period ended 30 June 1997.
"(b) Biennial estimates of the expenses to be incurred under (a) above shall be submitted to the General Assembly for approval ...
They should be accompanied by determined efforts to stamp out corrupt practices and implement other civil service reforms that will improve the ability of government to carry out its functions.
(a) Communications from Parties included in Annex I to the Convention;
Globalization should not lead to interference in internal affairs, nor should it entail the adoption of coercive measures or the imposition of models of economic development that could adversely affect economic and social conditions in developing countries.
20. It should be noted that the priority themes for the thirty-seventh session of the Commission for Social Development (February 1999) will be “Social services for all” and “Initiation of the overall review of the implementation of the outcome of the Summit”.
However, in many developing countries and economies in transition, contacts between the government and the private sector are often informal, spontaneous, partial or unstructured.
UNICEF programmes have been expanded to reach not only infants and young children but also adolescents and youth.
Costs under items 20 and 21 are to be borne by the United Nations.
161. The Special Committee was provided with extensive documentation by the Governments of Jordan and the Syrian Arab Republic, reflecting the views of those Governments on the situation in the occupied territories.
By its decision 10/11, the INCD requested the Secretariat to prepare a list of nominations received by 31 May 1997 and to submit such a list to the first session of the COP for establishment of the roster (ICCD/COP(1)/6).
LETTER DATED 5 SEPTEMBER 1996 FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE ECONOMIC
Young people involved in such programmes met for the first time at a drug abuse prevention forum held at Banff, Canada, from 14 to 18 April 1998.
In the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, UNIDO-supported activities to attract FDI include the establishment of an investment promotion unit at the Ministry of Development, to be linked with the UNIDO World Investment Network Service; staff training; and dissemination of the UNIDO Investor’s Guide.
At the international level, he suggested that the United Nations should undertake a study of substitutes for the death penalty, with the aim of supporting the efforts of those countries which wished to institute alterative penalties that were socially and juridically useful.
Welcoming the initiative taken by the Economic Community of West African States concerning the declaration of a moratorium on the importing, exporting and manufacture of light weapons in West Africa,
8. The objectives of the symposium were basically twofold: educational, and assistance in the creation of a policy framework to develop competition legislation appropriate to the economic conditions prevailing in the country.
Dynamic leadership and paid management staff are probably crucial.
Replacement of unbudgeted requirements.
Recognizing that an enhanced level of transparency relating to both conventional weapons and weapons of mass destruction and transfers of equipment and technologies directly related to the development and manufacture of such weapons, as well as to high technology with military applications, would promote stability, strengthen regional and international peace and security, and accelerate efforts towards general and complete disarmament,
On 31 October 1997, I reported to the General Assembly (A/52/554) on progress in the implementation of the agreements and recommended that minor adjustments be made to the structure and staffing of MINUGUA to enable the Mission to function more efficiently.
45. States should limit weapons procurement to the legitimate needs of self-defence and internal security.
As a result, life expectancy rates at birth are declining in some developing countries to levels not seen since before the onset of industrialization, and gains in child survival rates are evaporating.
While the high percentage of women employed in free-trade zones is laudable, because it gives them a financial footing, women workers suffer considerable discrimination in income and benefits.
The three main focal points of the plan are: to acquire control of the western sections of the West Bank along the Green Line; to consolidate the extension of the Gush Etzion group of settlements, which are directly linked with the so-called Greater Jerusalem plans, the intention being to surround the city and outskirts of Jerusalem; and to thwart the Palestinian ambitions to create a capital for the Palestinian State in the eastern area of Jerusalem.
This may include armed escorts, evacuation assistance, and “over the horizon” back-up.
The project has a complementary component dealing with the use of sisal wastes for bio-energy.
The prohibited discrimination relates not only to prices but also to the other terms of the transaction.
(iii) Kenya was particularly hard hit by flooding; many villages were cut off; the main Nairobi-Mombasa road was made impassable, and thousands of people died of malaria and Rift Valley Fever (RVF) spread by mosquitos breeding in flood waters;
However, the translation of this trend into a principle of international law is hampered to a considerable extent by the lack of precise criteria for deciding which categories of human rights violations should be regarded as international crimes.
The Administration should work with other participating organizations to establish and fund an inter-agency governance framework for IMIS.
The spread of drugs such as ecstasy, methamphetamine and other ATS is alarming.
Through coordination of efforts and the combination of different expertise, as in this case, Member States can count on more efficient, readily available and effective assistance in the field of human rights, governance and the rule of law.
They all revolve around and centre on that right, if by "life" is meant everything that contributes to the continued existence and improvement of the human condition.
The Special Rapporteur is aware of some of the efforts in the field of values education.
Statements in explanation of vote were made by the representatives of the Sudan, Zambia, Bahrain and Yemen.
1. The present report is submitted in pursuance of General Assembly resolution 52/65 of 10 December 1997, the operative part of which reads as follows:
25. A series of administrative measures taken over the last six months should allow State prosecutors and judges to better carry out their tasks.
The Agency maintained contacts with the United Nations Truce Supervision Organization (UNTSO) in connection with the Commissioner-General’s capacity as the United Nations Designated Official responsible for the overall security and protection of United Nations staff and family members in Israel, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.
It is recalled that the Committee recommended in paragraph 18 of its report on the support account (A/51/906) that the operation of the Centre be evaluated “with a view to determining its cost-effectiveness”.
He questioned whether, without deliberate measures to stimulate the transfer of climate-friendly technologies, such technologies would be available to developing countries.
15. Conference on Disarmament, first part [General Assembly resolutions 1722 (XVI), S-10/2 and 34/83 L]
The draft decision was adopted by a recorded vote of 27 to none, with 18 abstentions.
In this respect the Committee is concerned about the difficulties of the return of Serbs and others displaced in Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium.
35. The Payroll Section provides various services to all international staff, including those serving in peacekeeping operations, UNICEF, UNDP and UNFPA.
2. On 11 August 1998, the Secretary-General drew the attention of the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations to resolutions 52/57 to 52/63 of 10 December 1997, with the request that the Permanent Representative of Israel inform him by 11 September 1998 of any steps his Government had taken or envisaged taking in implementation of the relevant provisions of the resolutions.
Many left Rwanda when they were very young or were born in exile.
Development Programme and of the United Nations Population Fund
2. Calls upon the administering Power and all States, organizations and United Nations agencies to continue to assist the Territory in social and economic development;
Extradition should always be denied, however, especially by abolitionist countries, if the individual concerned risks the death penalty in the requesting country.
1. Takes note of the report of its Acting Chairman on his consultations with the President of the Economic and Social Council,2 and endorses the observations and suggestions arising therefrom;4
Other items that are always allotted to the Division include payroll charges for international staff (salaries, common staff costs and staff assessment), the hiring of aircraft and third-party liability insurance.
(i) Report of the Secretary-General (A/52/537);
12. The General Assembly also requested the Secretary-General to compile in a single volume all the general guidelines regarding the form and content of reports to be submitted by States parties that have been issued by the treaty monitoring bodies.
The Committee resumed its general discussion of these agenda items and heard a statement by the representatives of Argentina (on behalf of the Rio Group).
By March 1997, it had sold approximately 1,500 tons of scrap metal and the remnants of 1,573 vehicles.
The Committee views this as an example of the Government’s ability to take highly effective steps to improve the situation of women.
Activities at WPCs emphasized projects and training that would help participants earn an income; lectures and workshops on issues of concern to women and the community, including a special educational programme on HIV/AIDS; courses to enhance women’s social development; and provision of support services for women, such as kindergartens and legal advice bureaus.
Objective: to build up a coordinated drug law enforcement programme aimed at improved interdiction of drugs coming from Afghanistan.
Their provisions completely divest Iraq of sovereign authority and accord it to a group of foreign individuals and United Nations agencies, and they place Iraq in a position where it resembles a protectorate or even a refugee camp managed and controlled by foreign Powers.
(d) The Administration should consider the procurement of suitable equipment to assist the codifiers in the verification of signatures and thumbprints.
The Caspian must be a sea where agreement prevails and its resources must be the property of all the littoral States, each of which has a right to an equal share of its resources.
(c) Statement in connection with Board decision 453 (XLV)
This passive approach reflects to a large degree the initial intent of the designers of the reporting instrument.
At 1030 hours Israeli warplanes attacked the fringes of Jabal Sujud, firing two air-to-surface missiles.
Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization [151]
These displaced families are also likely to require non-food assistance if they remain in the area.
The international community, including the international financial institutions, was invited to continue to explore ways of implementing additional and innovative measures to alleviate substantially the debt burdens of developing countries.
Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic have the most advanced distribution structures, although there is still a lack of market transparency.
There was reportedly an escalation in tension in the Gaza Strip, with daily incidents of shooting at IDF patrols reported during the week.
V. Regional dimensions of operational activities
Population education materials are periodically updated with emerging concerns and priority issues, such as those highlighted in the ICPD Programme of Action.
The Treaty is subject to ratification and shall enter into force upon the exchange of the instruments of ratification.
23. In its current audit report the Board identified numerous irregularities regarding procurement of goods and services, both in the United Nations and in the funds and programmes.
12. The Committee takes note of the report of the Special Representative of the Commission on Human Rights on the situation of human rights in Rwanda.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of agenda item 137.
Major cocaine seizures in Europe were made mainly by the countries with large seaports mentioned above: Spain alone accounted for roughly 32 per cent of all cocaine seizures in Europe in 1995, followed by the Netherlands, Germany and Italy.
13. There continues to be a reduction in the absolute level of unpaid regular budget assessments, down to $473 million as at 31 December 1997, a reduction of $91 Million compared with the end of 1995.
a. The Prosector v. Jean-Paul Akayesu (ICTR-96-4-T)
Other reform proposals were aimed at streamlining the Central American Parliament (PARLACEN), the Central American Court of Justice and the Central American Integration System (SICA) and at establishing a regional mechanism to coordinate international cooperation.
The following recommendations were adopted on issue 2:
876. The Committee notes with concern that inadequate measures have been taken by the State party to harmonize national legislation with the principles and provisions of the Convention.
Widespread and indiscriminate attacks against the civilian population, involving the loss of innumerable human lives, and a general climate of violence heighten the responsibilities of the State party to re—establish and maintain the conditions necessary for the enjoyment and protection of fundamental rights and freedoms in Algeria.
It was also prepared, in the spirit of compromise, to consider proposals on a small increase in the Committee’s membership.
Globalization phenomena should not be considered only for their impact on physical and financial capital flows, but also on human and natural capital, as well as on national sovereignty and cultural diversity, including at the local and community level.
2. Exchanging information in the manner and conditions provided for under article 11 of this Convention and coordinating administrative and other measures taken to prevent the commission of such offences;
Which mechanisms have proved to be successful, which ones have been a failure?
The activities of the programme reached approximately 140,000 people directly and indirectly, of whom 70 per cent are women and children.
The Visitor's Entrance at 46th Street and First Avenue includes a ramp, allowing access both to the General Assembly and to the gardens.
Executive Director of the World Food Programme
In south Asia, renewed prominence will also be given to fostering cooperation on the subregional and regional levels between countries in all sectors. Emphasis will be placed on practical measures to suppress drug trafficking.
(Signed) Timothy Wirth President Annex II
Statements were made by representatives of nine Parties, and by the Executive Secretary.
This issue is particularly important given the widespread incidence of hepatitis A and B and tuberculosis in the area.
Informal consultations on agenda item 120 (Scale of assess-ments for the apportionment for the expenses of the United Na-tions (A/51/11 and Corr.1-2))
Replace paragraph (a) with the following:
During the biennium 1996-1997, the subregional approach was expanded and developed with the launching of new subregional projects in various sectors.
(b) Also noted with appreciation the information provided by the Chairman and the Chairman-elect of the IPCC, particularly regarding the TAR, and noted with satisfaction the regional emphasis and the further involvement of experts from developing countries.
List of documents for the third session of the Conference of the Parties
49. UNU/INWEH began two communications activities during the year.
(d) To ensure security and freedom of movement of United Nations personnel and the safety and security of United Nations property;
Mr. Carlos Fortin, Deputy Secretary-General of UNCTAD made an introductory statement.
(d) Accelerated learning programme. This programme will assist over-age children who have missed a few years of primary-school education to cover a normal grade’s work in from three to four months in order to move through two or three grade levels in a one-year period;
Details of activities at the national, regional and global levels are provided in the report of the Secretary-General submitted to the Commission on Human Rights (E/CN.4/1998/92).
The COP1 agenda essentially defines the implementation of the instruments of the Convention.
It is a long-standing requirement of the Organization that all transactions and significant events are promptly recorded, classified, approved and executed by formally authorized persons, with due regard to segregation of duties and competent supervision.
4. For the information of the Sub-Commission, the Secretariat has also prepared, as annex II to the present document, a list of country situations currently being considered by the Commission under the agenda items entitled “Organization of the work of the session”, “The right of peoples to self—determination and its application to peoples under colonial or alien domination or foreign occupation” and “Advisory services in the field of human rights”.
Administrative arrangements for the International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO
The General Assembly, having considered the first report of the General Committee (A/53/250), adopted a number of provisions concerning the organization of the fifty-third session and adopted the agenda of the session (A/53/251) and the allocation of agenda items (A/53/252).
This report can be found in document FCCC/AGBM/1997/INF.1.
Annexes I. Table 1. Aggregate net long-term resource flows to
In November 1997 the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Department of Management jointly issued guidelines to serve as a framework for programme monitoring and evaluation in departments and offices.
By that date, 33 of the 44 changes will have been implemented.
The Advisory Committee was informed, upon enquiry, that the main reason for writing off the UNPF property was either its poor technical condition or the fact that the property had been stolen.
An 8.5 per cent discount rate was used.
In a recent statement, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights of the Organization of American States, in its Press Communiqué No. 13/93 of 25 May 1993, declared that the obligation to respect and guarantee civil and political rights is an obligation erga omnes.
The ordinance abrogates all the instruments containing provisions which run counter to these principles - notably the Prices Act.
Firstly, it is estimated that the level of peacekeeping assessments will drop to $800 million, which is a further reduction from the level of prior years.
In particular, the importance of broad support for the territorial integrity of Serbia and Yugoslavia and a strong condemnation of separatism as an idea contrary to the principles of the United Nations and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, was underscored.
30. It is also noted that the National Cultural Autonomy Act, whose main purpose is to offer the members of all ethnic communities guarantees of national cultural autonomy, has entered into force.
14. Several suggestions were made about what the Secretary-General could do to strengthen the preparatory process: as a first priority, underlining on appropriate occasions that the processes of nuclear disarmament and of nuclear non-proliferation must run in parallel and stressing, in contacts with the five permanent members of the Security Council, the urgent need to keep the nuclear disarmament agenda moving in order to reinforce the non-proliferation regime.
10. The situation in Central America: procedures for the establishment of a firm and lasting peace and progress in fashioning a region of peace, freedom, democracy and development [45]:
The secretariat can be reached at the following address:
UNDP developed a close working corporate-wide partnership within the United Nations system, such as with UNCTAD on globalization, liberalization and sustainable human development.
He noted that during 1994 and 1996, FDI represented 10 per cent of the total of all investment flows to developing countries, and 40 per cent of the total of foreign investments in Latin America and the Caribbean.
1397. In view of the various contributions made and the importance of the issues considered, the Committee felt that there was a need to ensure follow-up to the general discussion.
Expatriate status brought with it an improvement in conditions for many staff vis-à-vis home country conditions.
Protocol I stipulates that children shall be the object of special respect and shall be protected against any form of assault during conflict.
37. In this regard, the current situation is as follows:
The country also had to purchase industrial and agricultural products at second hand and at elevated prices.
14. In each sector, the impact of testing was examined, the larger context is described and priority actions were identified.
Also, at least two institutions are involved in preparations for a mini/micro-satellite programme:
7. The Advisory Committee sought information on the workload of the Board of Auditors and its effect on resources.
Recalling in this connection the approaches and principles outlined at the Information Society and Development Conference, held at Midrand, South Africa, from 13 to 15 May 1996,
An interview survey and an analysis of registry data showed that while drug offences ceased almost entirely during the experiment, other crimes increased.
In paragraph 38 of the annex to Assembly resolution 51/241, it is recommended that the Assembly invite IAEA and WHO to consider the Committee’s functions and role and to submit a recommendation to it in 1998 and that the Committee should be asked to submit its next report to IAEA and WHO as well as to the Assembly, which would discuss the report along with any evaluation of it by IAEA and WHO.
6. Also encourages Member States to strengthen cooperation through information sharing of experience, best practices and lessons learned through, inter alia, consultation mechanisms, such as the regional consultation process organized in cooperation with the International Organization for Migration;
As of 12 June 1998, a total of US$ 2.63 million was available from the unspent balance of funds requested for the February 1998 earthquake operation and new pledges from donors.
32. As a general comment, it was stated that some portions of section B were lengthy and could be usefully reduced.
In this connection, the public was shocked to learn of the murder last October of Edgar Motta González, who had testified as a witness for the prosecution in the “Patrol 603" case.
Another important part of the work programme in 1999 in the substantive area will likely concern benchmarks and indicators; the INCD has entrusted the Secretariat with establishing and continuing an informal open-ended consultative process on this subject (INCD decisions 9/12 and 10/9).
32. A total of 108 new prison administration recruits completed 10 weeks of introductory training in mid-August and most had been deployed by the end of September.
The Chairman then declared the work of the Second Committee suspended.
Paradoxically, immigration regulations may be drawn up to facilitate the entry of medical personnel, who then face difficulties in practising due to the lack of recognition of professional qualifications.
(e) Since the establishment of the branch office of the National Commission on Human Rights, in Dili, on 24 June 1996, it has promptly responded to reports on incidents which occurred in East Timor, involving alleged human rights abuses, by conducting fact-finding missions and issuing reports.
If a fundamental accounting assumption is not followed, that fact should be disclosed together with the reasons;
472. Members also invited the High Commissioner for Human Rights, as part of her initiative to emphasize the importance of women’s human rights in the context of the Convention, to consider including:
2. The report covers the period from July 1996 to June 1998.
The Convention will thus become operative between the two States without Singapore benefiting from these reservations.
. has experience in leveraging additional resources, to complement its resources.
Summary of United Nations Administrative Tribunal judgement No. 852, Balogun (1997)
There has been some change in this over the plan period, as can be seen from tables 11 and 12, showing, respectively, the numbers of advisory missions undertaken and the number of training seminars organized within each major programme.
The report is contained in document ICCD/COP(1)/CST/5.
3. Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
“Women’s anti-discrimination committee to hold its 18th session ...”, press release issued in English in January
The representative of Austria made a statement.
Between 0105 and 0735 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several 120-mm and 81-mm mortar shells at Mlikh, areas along the Tasah Spring, Mazra`at Umqata and Wadi Bisri from their positions at Ksarat al-Urush and on Rum and Razlan hills.
The Lotus Notes document management system, with servers in New York and Geneva, provides instantaneous document sharing between the two offices. Maintenance of these technical systems were affected because of budgetary constraints.
Comprehensive data is now available on-line for traffic and other managers.
2. The UNCTAD secretariat was requested to develop a computerized database for compiling and disseminating information on measures, including laws and regulations, that affect the access of services and service suppliers, especially from developing countries, to world markets.
Compensatory measures for pupils included remedial classes, voluntary extra class periods, audio-visual programmes, curriculum enrichment materials and self-learning kits.
Between 1640 and 1715 hours Israeli forces and the Lahad militia fired a number of 155-mm and 120-mm artillery shells in the direction of Jabal Sujud and Jabal Safi from their positions in Sharifah and Rayhan.
The project includes the preparation of an inventory of greenhouse gas emissions from different sources; assessment of Lebanon’s vulnerability to climatic change; and an investigation of ways and means to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from the country and the impact of these measures on the national economy.
This percentage is down from 88 per cent and 87 per cent for 1997 and 1996, respectively.
Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the World Conference of Ministers Responsible for Youth (Lisbon, 8–12 August 1998) (Economic and Social Council resolution 1997/55)f
3. As many of you know, we were close to resolution of many points on a forward-looking proposal, based on the Chairman's own original draft, when a new shorter package was introduced which would devolve to the Secretary-General of UNCTAD the responsibility and authority to frame and carry out a trust fund to enhance broadly the participation of experts in the work of UNCTAD.
The Committee received details showing that all the mandates and objectives of the former subprogrammes had been maintained in the relevant subprogrammes of programme 28.
They underscored their great concern at the situation which continued to cause the loss of many human lives, and also substantial material damage and indescribable suffering to the population, inter alia, to refugees and displaced persons.
The disabilities faced by many children were not inevitable; they could and must be tackled.
Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO)
Clearly, these observations adversely affect the Organization’s insurance risk profile and ultimately impact unfavourably on the premium level.
National National Coordination Units (NCUs), Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs) with links to relevant institutions
2. Welcomes the adherence to the amended Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines, Booby Traps and Other Devices (Protocol II) by [twenty-one] States and its forthcoming entry into force on 3 December 1998, and calls, in particular, on all States Parties to the Convention that have not yet done so to express their consent to be bound by the Protocol;
held at the Palais des Nations, Geneva,
The Committee adopted its draft report.
(b) The SBSTA and the SBI decided to forward this synthesis report to the Conference of the Parties for its consideration.
The Office has contributed to ongoing efforts to ensure a more coherent and integrated response to complex crises, for example through the “strategic framework” approach in Afghanistan.
State intervention in religious principles and procedures seems to be most unfortunate for the whole generation of boys and girls among the Tibetan population.
While it is true that every people or region has its own specific character, the necessary interdependence between the different human rights must not be overlooked.
The session will resume on Monday, 26 January 1998, at 3 p.m. for a joint meeting with the Executive Board of UNICEF.
As requested through a resolution adopted by the 1997 OAU Council of Ministers and Heads of State and Government summit sessions at Harare, UNHCR collaborated and will continue to cooperate with OAU in the preparations for the OAU Commission on Refugees’ ministerial meeting on refugees and displaced persons in Africa, scheduled to be held in Khartoum in December 1998.
Ten other deaths in the poor Port-au-Prince neighbourhoods of Cité Soleil and Lower Delmas were alleged to be extrajudicial killings of suspected gang members by police.
This not only complicates what is already a difficult task, but may lead to serious operational difficulties.
Accordingly, my delegation requests that these comments be annexed directly to the final agreed conclusions of the contact group on expert funding, now and in any output of this session of the Board.
To understand the many forms of corruption, it is first necessary to consider the nature of the situations and persons concerned: civil servants, businessmen, private individuals or companies using the same processes.
149. There is an ongoing process of capacity-building in the field of evaluation at the country level.
Therefore projected economic use of the site should be based on the results of a definitive radiological assessment, which is required for a full understanding and identification of the most significant environmental problems associated with the site.
United Nations Decade of International Law: draft guiding principles for international negotiations
11. Encourages Governments to consult and facilitate the active participation of children who have been victims of sexual exploitation or abuse in the development and implementation of strategies to protect children from all forms of sexual exploitation and abuse;
The table below provides the results of the twenty-fourth actuarial valuation and compares them with the results of the regular valuation as at 31 December 1995.
It may be noted that some of these acts can only be committed by States or primarily by States, whereas others are committed mainly by private individuals.
Principle 39: Scope of the right to reparation
(h) To include the term “precursors” in the definitions;
In this regard, the Committee encourages the State party to consider the recommendations made by the International Labour Organization in its mission statement of 1993 and, in particular, to prohibit the employment of young persons below 18 years of age in hazardous activities, as well as to make education free and compulsory up to age 15.
The third major item was the adoption of the biennial budget and academic programme for the period 1998-1999.
One staff member detained in the Gaza Strip complained of mistreatment by the Palestinian Authority during detention.
8. The unutilized balance of $11,300 for freight resulted from lower actual requirements for shipments from the Logistics Base to missions.
Equally, the Committee is deeply concerned that national legislation does not prohibit capital punishment or life imprisonment without the possibility of release, as required by the provisions of article 37 (a) of the Convention.
Member States are given credit in the fund in proportion to their respective rates of contribution to the MINURCA budget. Annex IV A for offset Annex IV B for offset
11. The chairpersons wished to reaffirm the considerable importance they attach to the opportunity for discussion and coordination which is provided by the meetings of chairpersons.
Underlining the importance of increased cooperation and coordination both among the relevant intergovernmental bodies of the United Nations, and within the United Nations Secretariat, in particular with regard to the activities of the Centre for International Crime Prevention, the Department for Disarmament Affairs and the mechanism for Coordinating Action on Small Arms in ongoing initiatives related to illicit trafficking in small arms,
The Court, for its part, would see nothing but advantages if, in these cases, the parties agreed, in accordance with Article 46, paragraph 2, of the Rules of Court, to file their pleadings alternately.
On 15 May 1997, in accordance with the Panel’s Procedural Ruling, Nigeria resubmitted this portion of the Claim in category “C” on behalf of its Finance Attaché.
On that day, twelve F-16, one C-130, two C-160 and one propeller aircraft of the Turkish Air Force entered the northern part of the Nicosia flight information region, violating international air traffic regulations as well as the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus.
Heads of agencies have agreed to share the guiding principles with their respective executive boards, as well as with all their staff, especially those in the field, and to apply them in their activities on behalf of internally displaced persons.
In some cases, specific grievances and disputes have been mediated or are in the process of mediation.
Inter-agency cooperation has become a notable feature of UNCTAD activities for the promotion of SMEs, entrepreneurship and private sector development and diversification.
Taking into account the fact that obligations of $383,003, which pertained to UNMIH for the period ending 30 June 1996, were recorded in the UNSMIH accounts for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997, the overestimation as a percentage of initial budget proposals was 16.6 per cent.
It aims to establish national strategies and organizational and administrative structures for community-based demand reduction programmes using project implementation teams as the main driving force.
17. The Committee notes, as indicated in paragraph 16 of the statement, that the estimated requirements for 1999 of $27,648,800 under section 3 of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998–1999 would be partially offset by the unencumbered balance of $5,008,000 from the appropriation approved for the activities of the Mission for the period from 1 January to 31 December 1998 (see para. 9 above).
If the organization so determines, the coastal State may for that area adopt laws and regulations for the prevention, reduction and control of pollution from vessels implementing such international rules and standards or navigational practices as are made applicable, through the organization, for “special areas”.
I should be grateful if the text of the present letter could be circulated as a document of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly, under agenda item 61, and of the Security Council.
Having had conferred upon me by the community of States Members of the United Nations the singular honour of presiding over the forty-ninth regular session of the world body, I now feel it necessary to share the lessons learned during my term as President as a contribution to the current debate on the reform process, which is aimed at enhancing the effectiveness and credibility of our Organization.
Item 117 Improving the financial situation of the United Nations
12.4 The overall implementation of programmed activities during the biennium averaged 70 per cent.
Principle 32: Restrictions on the principle of the irremovability of judges
Editor of the statute-book of Finland, Finlands lag, 1961-1974. Húgo Aníbal LLANOS MANSILLA
The General Assembly approves the provisional agenda for the first session of the Preparatory Committee for the Special Session of the General Assembly on the Implementation of the Outcome of the World Summit for Social Development and Further Initiatives set out below.
In September 1998, he addressed the thirteenth session of the UNHCR Standing Committee during its review of UNHCR follow-up activities to the Machel report.
These liaison offices are required in view of the interrelated nature of the situations in the various areas of the former Yugoslavia and because of the importance of the policies of the Governments of Croatia and the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia regarding events within the region.
Further, in our opinion, the transactions of the Fund, which we have tested as part of our audit, have in all significant respects been in accordance with the Financial Regulations and legislative authority.
They have included the freezing of Libyan assets in American banks, the imposition of restrictions on the transfer of technology to Libya, and a prohibition on Libyan students pursuing advanced studies in technology at American universities.
59. In the period under review, the Istanbul Court of Appeal upheld the conviction of an Iranian national, one Reza Barzegar Massoumi, for complicity in the murder in Istanbul in 1996 of Zahra Rajabi and Ali Moradi, both associated with the National Council of Resistance (NCR).
By December 1997, 20 months after the start of the liquidation, several key tasks remained to be completed, including the closure of the Mission’s account; full acknowledgement of assets transferred; and the preparation of the Secretary-General’s report.
The phased movement of Greece and Portugal from group C to group B for the purposes of peacekeeping assessments and of Belarus and Ukraine from group B to group C continue to complicate calculations, as does the continuing non-placement of Slovakia in any group.
14. Full reimbursement of troop costs in accordance with the standard rates of reimbursement has been made for the period ending 31 May 1997.
That situation is not likely to change in the foreseeable future since the international creditor community attaches importance to the role that IMF is playing in two respects:
In central Asia, a steering committee consisting of senior officials from the memorandum of understanding signatory countries and a UNDCP representative is responsible for the overall implementation and development of the subregional drug control cooperation programme.
F. Appointment of the Secretary-General
It is further suggested that the State party request international cooperation in this regard, particularly from the United Nations Children's Fund.
The Centre has undertaken several technical assistance activities, such as training seminars for law enforcement officers, judges and prosecutors, and the elaboration of projects aimed at providing requesting Member States with the legislative and institutional capacity to control the phenomenon of corruption, particularly by drafting new legislation or revising existing legislation, establishing special anti-corruption bodies and organizing public awareness campaigns.
CCAQ noted that the organizations had started to look at the implications for common system entitlements in view of the advent of the Euro currency in 1999.
Both the number of international transactions and the volume of material traded have so far been very small.For more information, see: D. Leed, Ozone protection in the United States: elements of success, in: E. Cook (ed.), Trading pollution, World Resources Institute, Washington, D.C., 1996.
■ A comparison of producer and border prices for cocoa, coffee, cotton, tea and tobacco indicates that, except in Côte d'Ivoire, private traders rather than producers have captured the benefits of liberalization (table 6).
An urgent coordinated effort in this area is needed, first of all, because of the state of the coal industry, power engineering, the oil and gas complex and the energy market.
5. Information technology services in the Secretariat are decentralized.
In view of its financial limitations, emphasis will have to be placed by UNDP, as the main United Nations system partner of the Government, on providing access for the country to the technical expertise and knowledge available throughout the United Nations system in a future cooperation programme.
More than 130,000 refugees repatriated to Mali with the assistance of the international community.
4.2.3.7.1 The actual holding time shall be marked either on the portable tank itself or on a metal plate firmly secured to the portable tank, in accordance with 6.6.4.15.2.
Although the latter is more difficult to evaluate in terms of specific outcomes, it nevertheless exemplified an important area of assistance by the United Nations system.
Generally speaking, the abuse of amphetamines, cannabis and opiates seem to be on the increase, while the abuse of cocaine and hallucinogens is stable but at high levels.
3. I would also like to extend my greetings to his predecessor, Mr. Samir Sanbar, whose dynamic in dealing with information issues was always an encouragement to me, and I wish to thank him for the support that I received throughout the years.
The General Assembly, in paragraph 23 of section B of its resolution 52/214 of 22 December 1997, requested the Committee on Conferences to review the late issuance of documents and to suggest remedial action for consideration by the Assembly at its fifty-third session.
These cases are reviewed on the basis of merit.
Programme on Enhancing Security and Development
Paragraph 20.6 Delete subparagraph (d) and renumber the subsequent subparagraph accordingly.
(j) In accordance with Article 5 of the Convention, the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice will have the overall responsibility for issues related to research and systematic observation, drawing, where necessary, upon the Subsidiary Body for Implementation. The Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice will also play a co-ordinating role in such activities related to climate change relevant to the implementation of the Convention;
65. It was suggested that the title of the subsection should be changed to "Investment promotion and protection".
76. Although the number of active to peacekeeping operations has declined from the peak period 1993-1995, a substantial amount of work is still being performed.
Mr. H.C.W. GUNDLACH, Chairman, International Accreditation Forum (IAF), General Manager, Dutch Council for Accreditation (RVA), Netherlands
(h) United Nations/China workshop on applications of space technology in sustainable agricultural development.
The strategy is intended to serve the purpose of drawing greater attention to the country’s plight.
Hypothetical projection models As in past valuations, hypothetical models of the estimated progress of the Fund over the next 30 years were also prepared on the basis of the economic assumptions in the regular valuation, using the zero participant growth assumptions.
In such circumstances, it is difficult to determine to what extent GEF contributions are new and additional.
FCCC/AGBM/1997/MISC.1 Implementation of the Berlin Mandate: Proposals
219. While expressing its appreciation for the high-level delegation, including the Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Community Development, Women’s Affairs and Children, and her candid oral presentation, the Committee regrets that the report lacks sufficient information and statistics and thus fails to deliver a complete picture of the progress made in the implementation of the Convention since the country compiled its initial report, which had been considered in 1990.
Where the appointment or assignment is extended for a total period of one year or longer, the staff member shall be paid expenses for an additional shipment of personal effects and household goods up to the maximum entitlement established in paragraph (i) below.
48. Report of the International Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of the Former Yugoslavia since 1991.
(c) Emergency international assistance for peace, normalcy and reconstruction of war-stricken Afghanistan;
Progress towards the goal of gender equality had been limited, in particular with respect to their inclusion in the mainstream work of the organizations of the common system and at policy and decision-making levels.
The new strategic orientations were endorsed by the twenty-second Meeting of the Conference of Ministers Responsible for Economic and Social Development and Planning at its annual session in May 1996.
In addition, $6.8 million of prior years’ accounts receivable and $3.1 million of obsolete inventory were written off against greeting card and related operations income for the campaign year ended 30 April 1997.
The NGO Forum will provide non-governmental organizations with the opportunity to formulate their contribution to the international forum and the special session.
The Council stated in response that it had no connection with the works, which it presumed were carried out by a private contractor hired by one of the settlers on his own initiative.
The years shown in parentheses (starting from the biennium 1990-1991) are those in which the recommendations were made by the Board:
Perigee: 42,164 km from the center of the Earth
With respect to paragraph 36 of the Working Group report, in which the Working Group called for the ICSC secretariat to gain experience in other areas of the United Nations system, and for staff from other United Nations agencies to be seconded from time to time to work in the ICSC secretariat, the Commission noted that it had supported similar recommendations that had been made in 1991 and 1995 and also supported this one.
“Party” means, unless the text otherwise indicates, a Party to this Protocol.
1258. The Committee considered the initial report of Ireland (CRC/C/11/Add.12) at its 436th to 438th meetings, on 12 and 13 January 1998 (CRC/C/SR.436-438), and, at its 453rd meeting, on 23 January 1998, adopted the following concluding observations.
While there will normally be a sufficient pool of women qualified for promotion to the P-3 level, the pool of qualified women diminishes in size with each succeeding grade due to the lower representation of women at those levels and accompanying variations in their representation by occupational group.
(c) Other intergovernmental organizations
110. The Committee recommends that the State party’s next report, due on 9 January 1997, be an updating report and that it address all the points raised in the present observations.
67. Habitat organized seminars and workshops in the promotion of good governance and democratization at the local level, capacity-building programmes on local leadership and settlement management training programme.
(b) Communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention
PROGRAMME OF THE UNITED NATIONS HIGH COMMISSIONER FOR REFUGEES
10. To contribute to the Fund by bank transfer, pay to: “United Nations Geneva General Fund”, c/o Société de banque suisse, B. P. 2770, CH-1211 Genève 2, either in United States dollars (specify account No. CO-590-160.1) or in Swiss francs (specify account No. CO-590-160.0).
These circumstances have created obstacles to the bringing to justice of the perpetrators of severe violations of human rights which, in a number of cases, have an ethnic dimension.
38. At the 48th meeting, on 17 November, the representative of Namibia, on behalf of Australia, Austria, Bangladesh, Belarus, Benin, Bolivia, Botswana, Burundi, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, Côte d’Ivoire, Croatia, Ecuador, Ethiopia, Greece, Guatemala, Guinea, Israel, Italy, Japan, Lesotho, Liberia, Mali, Mongolia, Morocco, Mozambique, Namibia, the Netherlands, Nigeria, Panama, Paraguay, the Philippines, the Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation, Slovenia, Solomon Islands, South Africa, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Togo, Ukraine, the United States of America, Venezuela and Zimbabwe, introduced a draft resolution, entitled “United Nations Decade for Human Rights Education, 1995–2004, and public information activities in the field of human rights” (A/C.3/53/L.50).
205. The Committee requests the wide dissemination in Panama of the present concluding comments in order to make the people of Panama, and particularly Government administrators and politicians aware of the steps that have been taken to ensure de facto equality for women and the further steps that are required in that regard.
Policies and measures targeted at N2O emissions, however, are expected to achieve virtually all of their emission reductions by 2000.
The problems of the exploitation of child labour, in particular the use of young girls as domestic workers, and child prostitution also require special attention.
12. In the area of human resources management, the mechanisms of accountability may be seen in a hierarchy, matched at each level against specific delegated responsibilities and authorities.
491. The English version of the Web site has been publicly accessible for over two years.
As a first step in tackling such issues, UNDCP has decentralized activities to the country level by opening a regional office in Cairo.
This report took into account the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples covering its work during 1997 (A/52/23, Part I) and copies of the working papers on the 17 territories prepared by the Secretariat for the Special Committee and the Trusteeship Council in 1997 and listed in document CERD/C/343, as well as in annex IV to the present report.
The document lays out the code of conduct for both the United Nations and the local authorities, sets up a mechanism to enhance cooperation and resolution of problems, and deals in a preliminary way with the gender issues that have plagued relations between the Taliban and the United Nations.
Once gains have been achieved, they will be verified to ensure they do not impact on programme delivery.
It had before it three documents presented by the secretariat (FCCC/SBI/1997/8, FCCC/SBI/1997/MISC. 3 and Add.1).
Professor Bolin informed the AGBM that two more technical papers would be issued in early 1997 and regretted that these were not yet available to the Group.
The Office has increased its presence in those provinces to facilitate its work, which includes carrying out investigations into human rights violations, visits to detention centres and prisons and activities concerning the monitoring and promotion of human rights.
So, I hope that the examination of the bilateral agreements will at least provide you and us with some useful insights about how some of the agreements perhaps serve the interests of development better than others.
Between 1105 and 1420 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the South.
7. For a better understanding of the final stage of the study, this report needs to be seen in the context of the Sub—Commission's work as a whole.
Item 29. Letter dated 4 February 1986 from the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/17787).
In its resolution 52/216 of 22 December 1997, the Assembly had recalled its resolution 51/216 of 18 December 1996, in which it had requested the Commission to take the lead in analysing new approaches in the human resources management field so as to develop standards, methods and arrangements that would respond to the specific needs of the organizations of the common system, and to report thereon to the Assembly at its fifty-third session.
26. This implies that any victim can assert his rights and receive a fair and effective remedy, including seeing that his oppressor stands trial and obtaining reparations.
7. The methodology recommended by the Committee of Actuaries and endorsed by the Board involves:
Plans for the construction of 2,200 housing units in Givat Binyamin were about to be approved, in addition to plans for 921 housing units which had already received approval.
The Assembly however, did approve a uniform system for the payment of honorariums to the recipients.
The Second Tokyo International Conference on African Development is scheduled for October 1998 and will aim at furthering African development based on the principle of ownership and partnership, focusing on such areas as education and health care, women empowerment and agricultural and private sector development, some of which are also priority areas of the New Agenda.
Numerous United Nations agencies and bodies (such as the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, United Nations Development Programme, United Nations Environment Programme, United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD), United Nations/Economic Commission for Europe, International Atomic Energy Agency) participate in OECD activities, either as observers or on the basis of invitations to attend particular meetings.
That arrangement led to an automatic loss of 25 per cent of forecast conference services, resulting in utilization of less than 80 per cent of resources, although the Commission at its regular sessions has always had utilization well in excess of 80 per cent.
Management controls are often viewed as encompassing all controls.
The composition of a new RS government will have an influence on the ability of Mr. Poplasen to carry out his own agenda.
III. List of staff members who have lost their lives since 1 July 1997
14. The Board of Trustees made project grant recommendations earmarking all available funds, i.e. US$ 4,210,000, of which $100,000 was for urgent grants falling between annual sessions of the Board of Trustees.
The Agency also serves as the seat of the General Secretariat of the International Organization of la Francophonie and provides it with administrative support.
D. Component six: Coordinated development of materials for human rights education
28. In South America, the OAS delegation in Venezuela has been invited to participate in the United Nations thematic group on human rights chaired by UNHCR.
In that connection, the General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the item be included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-fourth session.
This to take place through a flexible system of working groups
(a) Major programmes, consisting of all activities conducted in a sector;
23. Cooperation between SELA and the programmes, organizations and agencies of the United Nations is growing and diversifying, and inter-agency cooperation has been established in many areas in which optimal use is being made of existing resources for the benefit of the countries of the region.
10. The Special Adviser also informed the Committee about the expert group meetings which the Division had organized or co-hosted on the themes “Adolescent girls and their rights”, “Gender-based persecution”, “Women’s enjoyment of economic and social rights” and “Caregiving for older persons - Gender dimensions”, in preparation for the forty-second session of the Commission on the Status of Women.
Letter dated 9 October 1998 from the Permanent
One session per year once the Convention enters into force
Today, however, the effort required to have the media disseminate a sufficient quantum of accurate information about the work of the United Nations is greater than ever before.
Research network for global policy analysis (Department of Economic and Social Affairs)
The responsibilities of the Division are as follows.
“Reaffirming that lasting progress towards the implementation of the right to development requires effective development policies at the national level, as well as equitable economic relations and a favourable economic environment at the international level,
18/COP.1 Procedures for the establishment and maintenance of a roster of
3. Expert Meeting on Trade and Investment Impacts of Environmental Management Standards, Particularly the ISO 14000 Series, on Developing Countries;
Part II provides a comprehensive account of recent orientations in UNCTAD secretariat activities on assistance to the Palestinian people.
Several of the studies contained in the book have been published in UNU/WIDER’s Research for Action series.
PROPOSED SCHEDULE OF WORK FOR THE SIXTH SESSION
After the vote, statements were made by the representatives of the United States, Liechtenstein, the Russian Federation, New Zealand, France, Germany and Spain.
The programme covers the period 1997–1998 for a total budget of approximately $1.8 million.
Thus, the method called “activity-based costing” was devised.
95 The Commission decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the revised staff assessment scale shown in annex V be used from 1 March 1999 in conjunction with the base/floor salary scale shown in annex IV.
The Meeting believed that UNCTAD should, in cooperation with all other interested parties, work towards developing a transit module, in the context of ASYCUDA and ACIS.
(i) 50 kilograms, or 0.31 cubic metres, by the most economical means, per person in respect of each journey, except as provided in subparagraph (ii) below. At the request of the individual, this entitlement may be converted to 10 additional kilograms of accompanied excess baggage per person;
At this point there is insufficient technology to prevent eventual contamination.
SCHEDULED MEETINGS Friday, 31 October 1997
In the event of a vote, each member shall have one vote and decisions shall be made by a nine-tenths majority of the members present and voting, abstaining being considered as not voting.
FCCC/AG13/1996/MISC.2 Responses to questionnaire relating to the establishment and Add.1 of a multilateral consultative process: Submissions by intergovernmental and non-governmental bodies
Indeed, participants in the consultations felt that it was much more feasible and appropriate for regional organizations to conduct the sort of follow-up necessary to achieve higher rates of participation.
The United Nations has been playing a central role in enhancing international awareness regarding the problems and initiating international action-oriented efforts.
Armenia, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Estonia, France, Hungary, India, Israel, Latvia, Lithuania, Monaco, Pakistan, Poland, Romania, Russian Federation, Slovakia, Turkey, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United States of America.
A budgeted amount of $47,700 provides for the outfitting and replacement of basic medical equipment in 3 ambulances located at Sarajevo, Tuzla, and Banja Luka.
Fullerenes and their derivatives have not been commercially exploited as yet, but exciting research results reported over the last four years suggest that important applications for these materials in products and devices will occur within the next decade. Structural ceramics
The application of this decree should be suspended without delay and steps should be taken to repeal it.
UNIFEM addresses that situation by strengthening women’s capacity to advocate for themselves, influence the peace process, and create new, ethical frameworks for governance and development during reconstruction.
But one fifth of the peak tariffs of the United States, one quarter of those of the European Union, about 30 per cent of Japan and about one seventh of those of Canada exceed 30 per cent (see tables 1 to 4).
16. Educational institutions continue to be increasingly important partners for the Department and its channel to the younger generations.
8. Although the funds and programmes have undergone significant reforms, have adopted a new governance structure and are implementing priority development programmes with a more coordinated and effective approach, core resources are still declining.
It conducts a full range of activities, including those of manual clearance, explosive ordnance disposal survey, limited database management and mine-awareness activities.
HDD: heating degree days index of the considered year
The United Nations Radio and Central News Service produces, in the six official languages as well as nine other languages, recorded programmes on the work of the United Nations and the specialized agencies.
The Special Fund shall receive contributions pursuant to paragraphs 12 (b) and (c) earmarked to support the participation of representatives of developing, and in particular least developed, country Parties affected by desertification and/or drought, particularly those in Africa, in the sessions of the Conference of the Parties and its subsidiary bodies.
(a) All of the accounts for the peacekeeping operations have been maintained in accordance with the provisions of the Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations with due regard to the following:
6 Defined as net resource flows minus the interest payments on long-term debt and profit remittances on account of FDI.
The type of control, for example: outright prohibition, prohibition in principle, or examination on a case-by-case basis.
With respect to paragraph 10 of the triennial review, the view was expressed that UNEP had adequately implemented recommendation 2 and that it should continue to observe its role in promoting the coherent implementation of the environmental dimension of sustainable development within the United Nations system and as the leading global environmental authority that sets the global environmental agenda (see resolution S/19-2, annex, para. 123).
38. A better indicator of programme performance is total implementation in relation to programmed outputs.
The African Institute intends to publish the study on its home page.
It also urges the Government to undertake research into the causes of the high incidence of rape so that effective preventive measures can be developed.
Migrants seeking work should not present themselves as asylum seekers.
Report of the sessional working group on the administration of justice and the question of compensation on its 1996 session (E/CN.4/Sub.2/1996/16).
He urged the SBSTA and the Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI) to minimize requests for new documentation for their October sessions.
- the GM would have access to resources, through its host and other organizations, as outlined in paragraph 4(e) of INCD negotiating text on the functions of GM; and
Africa: New Agenda for Development (Part IV section 8)
36. The Commission noted the secretariat’s support for this recommendation, and also noted that an expert consultant had already been engaged to conduct a systems study for the development of a modern integrated computer-based management information system.
In 1987, a similar congress was organized, in Malta, by the Centre for Human Rights.
2. The position of the Government of Peru on this matter is based on the joint measures adopted by the Permanent Mechanism for Consultation and Concerted Political Action (Rio Group); on the Ibero-American Summits; on the Declaration on Respect for the Personality, Sovereignty and Independence of States adopted by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States on 2 June 1997; and on resolution CJI/RES/II-14/96, adopted unanimously by the Inter-American Juridical Committee, issued pursuant to resolution AG/RES.1364 (XXVI-0/96) of the General Assembly of the Organization of American States.
1. Enhancing the capacity to jointly assess the human rights situation in the world by closer coordination and otherwise ensure that all pertinent means for action are available within the framework of the Union, including through the possible publication of an annual European Union human rights report;
The Tajik side was represented by the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Tajikistan, Mr. T. N. Nazarov, and the Minister of Defence of Tajikistan, Mr. Sh. Kh. Khairullaev.
For some developing countries (i.e. land-locked countries and small islands), it could represent as much as one-third of cif prices.
In the present phase of consideration of this issue, it might be advisable if the SBSTA were to address all aspects of this issue, such as technology identification, assessment and development as well as transfer of technology.
“Visa and MasterCard, the two biggest credit-card clubs, are working together on a technology called Secure Electronic Transaction (SET) that could make credit cards safer on the Internet than they are in the physical world.
48. In other countries, SME support agencies operate as part of a Ministry, such as the Small Industry Support Programme in Indonesia, the Industrial Development Board in Sri Lanka, and the Indigenous Business Advisory Service in Gambia.
The most recent data available reveal that, at the national level, the infant mortality rate has decreased to below 28 per thousand (goal 25 per thousand and, in under-served areas, 35 per thousand).
This quantity complicated their description and analysis significantly.
“(h) The reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the provisions of the Charter related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter; A/50/361, A/51/317 and A/52/308.
The GIS database is connected with the National Legislation database in the Division which enables the Division to access other relevant information linked to certain geographic features.
United Nations Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances, concluded at Vienna on 20 December 1988
C. Principal subjects of concern, suggestions and recommendations
21. Implementation of the 1996 Operation Lifeline Sudan review continued.
Outraged Palestinians warned of a second intifada, with Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat declaring that the killings were “a massacre in cold blood”.
The United Nations Diplomatic Conference of Plenipotentiaries on the Establishment of an International Criminal Court, currently meeting in Rome, is studying proposals concerning a mandate to cover torture.
There is no reason why the two units (Witness Protection Unit and Witness Support Unit) cannot be supervised by one head of a single unit.
By 143 votes to 3, with 17 abstentions (recorded vote), the General Assembly adopted draft resolution A/52/L.11 (resolution 52/10).
The unit would also comprise four General Service posts.
1991-1993 On the OAS Working Group responsible for the drafting of the OAS Inter-American Convention on Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters.
United Nations information centres worldwide are uniquely equipped to perform that function at the local level and to bring to the members of their communities a sense of the relevance of the work of the United Nations to those members’ daily lives, by tailoring the Organization’s message to local conditions and interests for maximum impact and providing it with a local face and voice.
a fully computer-literate staff able to use information technology tools to its advantage.
UNEP technical cooperation trust funds (statement V.1)
For example, the Claimant does not identify the “channel” through which the payment was made nor does it allege that the payment was made under compulsion.
In Africa, Asia, and the Middle East, partnerships might be formed with governmental or non-governmental organizations, depending on interest.
(g) To negotiate in a spirit of good will for an urgent solution of the Cyprus problem based on the principles of the Charter of the United Nations, the United Nations resolutions and decisions on Cyprus and the high-level agreements of 1977 and 1979, as well as respect for democratic principles and the fundamental human rights.
Most of the detainees are from the occupied border zone. They come from diverse socio-economic and occupational backgrounds.
The report of the Pilot Seminar which met from 23 to 25 June 1997 was before the Board in document TD/B/SEM.2/3.
166. The Committee requests the wide dissemination in Zimbabwe of the present concluding comments in order to make the people of Zimbabwe, and particularly its government administrators and politicians, aware of the steps that have been taken to ensure de facto equality for women and the further steps required in this regard.
It notes that if there is trafficking in women, that this is a serious violation of their human rights.
Advocacy may also be supported to integrate the human rights approach to the provision of reproductive and sexual health services and information to women and adolescents, including consensus-making consultations and other activities designed to enlist the support of policy makers, and support for legislative reform and enforcement of laws for the promotion and protection of women’s rights to reproductive choice and informed consent, in particular promotion of women’s legal literacy about regulations and policies that affect their rights and responsibilities in family life.
Furthermore, it entails overt racism and the illegal appropriation of land, as well as loss of the rights of Palestinian citizens in the occupied territories.
Recognizing that the establishment of internationally recognized nuclear-weapon-free zones, with due regard to the specific characteristics of each region and on the basis of arrangements freely arrived at by the States of the region concerned, can play an important role in promoting regional and global peace and security,
51/165 Net flows and transfer of resources between developing countries and developed countries
“It has been more than 15 years since the Human Rights Committee issued its general comment on article 4 of the Covenant.
Some sectors and commodities (notably electricity, gas and heat for certain consumer groups) were not yet fully market based at the time of the visit.
The review indicated that, apart from the reporting of the value of contributions-in-kind, the presentation of the financial statements is generally consistent with the standards.
27. CGAP, which comprises 25 members, including United Nations bodies, is a multi-donor effort to address the problems facing microfinancing.
The Bank helped to finance an innovative participatory approach to women’s literacy, which is being implemented by Action Aid in seven countries.
Council of Arab Economic Unity (Council decision 109 (LIX))
183. The view was expressed that the term "expropriation" in the English version should be replaced, because in some legal systems it carried a negative connotation and might suggest confiscation without prompt and adequate compensation.
He observed that the EU was providing 60 per cent of the LDCs' preferential export markets.
Five posts are to be redeployed from other areas, resulting in requirements for 13 additional posts, including 3 programmers for database support, 2 LAN administrators, and 3 help desk technicians.
The Forum also made a number of recommendations on the disposal of obsolete chemicals, pesticide risk reduction, and pollution release and transfer registers, and on emerging issues, such as endocrine disrupting substances.
52. Ms. Khan informed the Committee that, in her personal capacity, she had made a statement at a non-governmental meeting on women and fundamentalism, held from 16 to 18 April 1998 in Barcelona, Spain.
“(d) To enhance the dissemination and outreach of the Commission’s policy recommendations, information and technical publications.
They can be contacted at the following address:
Second, he asked how the secretariat had come to the conclusion that “shock therapy” should be resisted.
1 See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1993, Supplement No. 3 (E/1993/23), chap. II, sect. A.
443. It is noted that the State party has not made the declaration provided for in article 14 of the Convention, and some members of the Committee requested that the possibility of such a declaration be considered.
The failure of drug-free treatment services and the number of relapse cases convinced some States of the need to provide narcotic drugs for the chronic drug addicts who had failed in other programmes.
Provision of $20,000 is requested to cover the costs of investigation travel by staff in the Office.
Provision is also made for round-trip travel and subsistence allowance for two internal auditors for 21 days ($10,800).
The Committee reiterates its concern about the constitutional provisions relating to the declaration of a state of emergency.
42. The Committee for Programme and Coordination discussed the report at its thirty-eighth session and endorsed all of its recommendations.1
153. On 27 January, it was reported that the Military Advocate-General, Uri Shaham, had ordered closed the investigation into the circumstances in the death of a 14-year-old Palestinian boy from Tubas village in the northern West Bank who was killed on 19 January 1997 by the explosion of an artillery bomb while herding sheep and goats in Wadi el Maleh in the vicinity of his village.
23. This is a campaign of hatred that has no precedent in Ethiopian history, even during the darkest days of the previous regime.
Overall, it was felt that the implementation of the ISO 14001 standard was only in its infancy.
19. Around 1990, there was substantial interest in new methods for producing fissile material, particularly those utilizing laser radiation.
It is proposed that the Secretariat unit established under this programme be headed by an officer at the D-1 level and comprise three other Professional (two P-5 and one P-4) and one General Service post.
(b) UNOMIG share of the annual cost to Jeppesens aircraft database ($1,700), which will be maintained in New York;
(b) Policy commitment and necessary technical support for disaster reduction practices, including through the appropriate application of science and technology at the country and regional levels;
It was recalled that the Commission had decided to review the methodology every five years.
Therefore, a specific support strategy for these programmes should be based on continued support and advocacy to make them more child-sensitive.
1. Ship construction, equipment and seaworthiness
Despite a number of changes of direction, by the will of historical fate the main arteries of the Great Silk Road passed through the territory of Kyrgyzstan.
Also, a more viable country programme mid-term review process had been planned for 1996–1998 for a number of country programmes to help improve the achievement of desired results.
356. In order to implement the commitments made at the Fourth World Conference on Women in Beijing, Mexico had established a national machinery for the advancement of women, under the Ministry of the Interior, which was in charge of putting into practice the National Programme for Women: Alliance for Equality, the document containing Mexico’s strategies for the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action.
It was announced that Côte d'Ivoire, Cyprus, Ethiopia, Germany, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Malaysia, Nigeria, Niger, Trinidad and Tobago and Ukraine had joined the list of co-sponsors of draft resolution A/C.6/52/L.17 and Corr.1.
Army/navy portable radio, comm type 601
2. The 1990 report contained assessments of trends and developments in five major fields: nuclear technology, space technology, materials technology, information technology and biotechnology.
17. The status of this recommendation should be governed by the Advisory Committee’s views made with regard to recommendation 7 above and its report on cost accounting (A/53/507).
51. The Voluntary Trust Fund for Assistance in Mine Clearance was established by the Secretary-General on 30 November 1994 to enhance the United Nations capacity for assistance in mine clearance.
14. Report of the International Atomic Energy Agency.
Provision of $5,000 for the period from 15 April to 30 June 1998 and $10,000 for the period from 1 July to 30 November 1998 is based on the estimated monthly cost of $2,000 and covers bank charges, legal fees and miscellaneous services not covered elsewhere.
The information which is regularly reported, includes details of the purpose of consultancies awarded, length of consultancies, geographical distribution of consultants, amount paid by the United Nations and evaluation of completed consultancies.
77. Before the draft resolution was adopted, the representative of the United States of America made a statement.
Taking into account the above statistics, as well as historical data on troop deployment, the Advisory Committee is doubtful whether the deployment schedule referred to in paragraph 5 above could be fully implemented.
Nevertheless, all participants at the Conference are requested to check whether they require a visa.
The representatives of the United Kingdom and the United States made statements.
UNDCP also has procedures for thematic and project evaluations.
242. The Committee recommends that the State party undertake legislative reform to ensure that legislation conforms fully with all the provisions of the Convention, in particular its general principles (arts. 2, 3, 6 and 12).
I have the honour to transmit herewith the text of the joint declaration of the Ministers of Foreign Affairs of countries of south-eastern Europe, Mr. Andrei Plesu, Mr. Blagoi Handziski, Mr. Ismail Cem, Mrs. Nadezhda Mihaylova and Mr. Theodoros Pangalos, concerning the situation in Kosovo, which was adopted at Sofia on 10 March 1998.
“Affirming that it sees in this process the broadest positive opportunities for the further development of civilization, the expansion of opportunities for cooperation for the common good of all States, the enhancement of mankind’s creative potential and the formation of a global information area for the international community,
PERSONNEL MATTERS: UNITED NATIONS JOINT STAFF PENSION FUND (GC.7/CRP.1, GC.7/CRP.7; GC.7/5)
2. I have had the opportunity to meet with him on several occasions, and I am pleased to note the provision of availability, dialogue and cooperation on his part.
11. We call upon national parliaments to ratify, accept or approve the Charter of the Organization as soon as possible, being convinced that the Parliamentary Assembly of BSEC will also assist in this respect.
The Israeli occupying forces have used this method through the years and continue to do so, the most recent example being when booby-trapped toys were dropped on the town of Nabatiyah, killing and injuring children and permanently disfiguring others.
Annexes I. Trust Fund for Participation in the UNFCCC Process 25
(iii) A strategy by which a global network of networks, institutions, agencies and bodies can be established for the purpose of supporting the implementation of the Convention.
All interested delegations are invited to attend.
Resource requirements for the conference servicing contingency (US$ thousand)
2. Takes note of the decision of the Commission to review the methodology in the year 2001;
3. Acting in his capacity as depositary, the Secretary-General communicated the amendment to all States parties on 1 March 1993.
Just under US$ 2,000 million of the total value of contracts awarded was funded by foreign sources.
Draft decisions recommended by the SBI at its sixth session*
4. The revisions stem from the adoption of resolution 53/1 by the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific in 1997, and the secretariat’s subsequent consultations with members and associate members of the Commission.
“Reaffirming that Agenda 21 remains the fundamental programme of action for achieving sustainable development, and that the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21, adopted at the nineteenth special session of the General Assembly, will enhance the full implementation of the outcome of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development,
This produced a target level for the reserve for 1997 of $18.5 million (4% of the combined expenditure of $462.9 million on administrative and project budgets in 1996).
Standardization of these structures is not desirable.
However, the Commission had not carried out further work to evaluate the financial impact of the errors identified.
In that connection, he expressed satisfaction at the imminent start-up of a Global Environment Facility (GEF) project to support national communications.
The amounts shown in column 1 of annexes I and II provide for the reimbursement of troop costs and payment of daily allowance at standard rates for 3,278 person-months (100,000 person-days) for the period from 15 April to 30 June and for 6,750 person-months (206,600 person-days) for the subsequent period from 1 July to 30 November 1998.
A revised manual should be completed no later than mid-1999;
Vice-Chairpersons: Mrs. Judith Karp (Israel)
Exicom Hawk rural telephone transmitter test set
Stress counsellors have also been provided to staff in MINUGUA and MONUA following the tragic helicopter and aircraft accidents.
5. In case of division, the two sides emphasized the principle of equal share for all littoral States and equitable exploitation of the resources of the Caspian Sea.
At the end of the second stage (the completion point), multilateral debt relief proper would be extended provided that the debtor country had met the relevant performance criteria.
15. Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General, to be administered as appropriate, in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly;
c Includes assessed contributions irrespective of collectability.
Provision is also made for the purchase of a heavy-duty scanner for archiving purposes.
Inter-agency coordination on gender issues, in particular with the organs, bodies and agencies of the United Nations system that are active in the region, will be strengthened.
Membership of professional organizations
The decision was made at the request of the Palestinians who relied on trade with Israeli citizens (mostly Arabs) who visit the three towns located near the Green Line on Saturdays.
For the period from 15 April to 30 June 1998, the cost estimates take into account the projected 15 and 10 per cent delayed recruitment factor for international and local staff, respectively.
399. The Committee is aware of the geographical particularities of Mauritius.
32. The Advisory Committee observes that for military contingent observers and civilian police, planned deployment does not take fully into account that those personnel are very often not ready for immediate deployment.
Under the new plan structure, subprogrammes within a programme relate in many instances to more than one functional or sectoral body.
This in turn underlines the need for better training of police inspectors in human rights standards and investigation techniques.
The SBI considered this item at its 1st and 5th meetings, on 20 and 29 October respectively.
That meant that many important elements still remained unresolved by the Group, including agreement on the treatment of sinks, and differentiation.
4. Takes note of the conclusions and recommendations contained in part one, chapter V, of the report of the Committee for Programme and Coordination on the work of its thirty-eighth session and looks forward to their implementation; I
Monitoring reports indicate that Management Review Committees have now been established and are operational in a majority of departments and offices.
In the election for the Serb member of the Bosnia and Herzegovina Presidency, Sloga candidate Zivko Radisic defeated the incumbent, Momcilo Krajisnik.
33. The working group met once on 19 February 1997.
(b) Recommends the implementation, within each organization, of the creation of a single budget chapter/line to fund security expenditures of a foreseen nature and to ensure that funds exist for unforeseen security-related expenditures;
Test liquids shall be kept in the liquid state by the addition of anti-freeze if necessary.
The list was adopted by the Council in its resolution 1191 (1998) of 27 August 1998 and was formally conveyed to the President of the General Assembly by letter dated 27 August 1998 from the President of the Security Council (A/52/1023).
Some examples include Pactok (PacificTalk), ScINET-PHIL (Science and Technology Network of the Philippines), and STACnet (Philippine Science & Technology Advisory Council Network).
The Conference, called at the request of the second General Conference of UNESCO, which had met in 1947 in Mexico, considered the recommendations of a preparatory conference held in Switzerland by 23 States, the United Nations Trusteeship Council, UNESCO, the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) and several scientific societies, such as the International Union of Biological Sciences, the Swiss League for the Protection of Nature and other non-governmental organizations.
(v) Providing a continuous balance between those policies and measures aimed at reducing emissions of greenhouse gases in emitting sectors and those aimed at reducing consumption of their products.
Such linkages had helped to expand not only domestic business turnover, but export revenues as well.
It was pointed out that different types of publications were not classified in the report.
The emergency session was the third of its kind to be held by the Assembly on the Har Homa issue.
It is roughly at that level that the Department remains today.
The first stage would consist of a general discussion and exchange of views on the subject of the proposed general recommendation during an open meeting of the Committee.
109. Regulations, rules and manuals concerning programme planning, budgeting, monitoring and evaluation should be updated to incorporate changes in budgetary and programme planning practices.
Rajoub repeated this point on 13 June 1998 to Radio Algiers:
(b) The balance between Turkey and Greece over Cyprus; and
(i) An amount of 2.5 million dollars to the Integrated Management Information System for 1998;
The analysis in chapters I and II has highlighted once again that the expansion and diversification of exports from developing countries continues to be hampered by both market access barriers and supply-side constraints.
It is especially concerned that the Minors Code currently in force in Guatemala contains provisions which are incompatible with the Convention and does not address all the rights recognized by the Convention.
7. The General Assembly requests the Secretary-General to continue to inform world public opinion of those military activities and arrangements in colonial and Non-Self-Governing Territories which constitute an obstacle to the implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples.
Programme support costs retained by the Programme under this arrangement are not charged to programme expenditure since they have been incurred under the biennial support budget.
maintain and update the roster of independent experts approved by COP on the recommendation of CST; and
Taking note with appreciation of the generous offer of the Government of Colombia to host the sixth meeting of the Open-ended Ad hoc Working Group on Biosafety and the extraordinary meeting of the Conference of the Parties, which will take place at Cartagena de Indias from 15 to 19 February and on 22 and 23 February 1999, respectively,
Appropriation for the period from 1 January to 31 December 1999
Between January and May, the inflation rate was around 40 per cent.
Four volumes containing nationality laws and regulations as well as relevant constitutional provisions have already been published.
B. Breakdown of resources: United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti
“(b) Report of the Conference on Disarmament;
28. The Inter-Agency Standing Committee has designated the Emergency Relief Coordinator as the focal point for inter-agency coordination of humanitarian assistance to internally displaced persons, with a focus on global advocacy for both protection and assistance requirements; resource mobilization; promoting global information on internally displaced persons; and support to field operations, including help with the negotiation of access to internally displaced persons.
(a) Energy efficiency standards, defined test procedures and functional performance measures for products, labelling and other product-related measures, including mandatory minimum efficient standards for such products, if necessary or where appropriate;
382. The Committee welcomes the Mexican Government’s initiative in establishing an information, documentation and research system on the situation of women, and considers this to be an important tool in designing better policies to promote equality, which would also reflect women’s non-remunerative work.
Foreign Affairs Minister Sharon addressed the above-mentioned letter to you immediately after the signing of the historic Wye River Memorandum, whose contents are reflected herein, which sets down the precise manner and conditions under which Israel and the Palestinians are to proceed on the road to peace.
Three major topics were discussed, namely, cooperation, trade and investment.
As of August 1998, few claims had been decided despite the fact that thousands of decisions were due.
Considering that, accordingly, it is mutually advantageous to provide for cooperation between the United Nations and the Association of Caribbean States,
“1. Reaffirms the right of all persons displaced as a result of the June 1967 and subsequent hostilities to return to their homes or former places of residence in the territories occupied by Israel since 1967;
The Trust Fund for Supplementary Activities is used to support a variety of activities undertaken by the secretariat in response to needs and requests stemming from the Convention process.
10. The operational environment in the country has fluctuated unpredictably.
64. An important teaching and educational tool is the established Professional Training Series, designed primarily to provide support to the training activities of the programme of technical cooperation in the field of human rights, as well as to assist other organizations involved in human rights education for professional groups.
58. With respect to article 8, paragraph 2, the proposal was made to insert an additional paragraph modelled on it (see A/AC.252/1998/WP.34 and WP.35).
Conference room papers related to item 2 of the programme of work, Decision-making in the Security Council, including the veto
Most shops and businesses were also closed.
23. The Committee considered this question at its 37th, 41st, 42nd and resumed 45th meetings, on 30 November and 8, 10 and 18 December.
The recruitment of national professional project personnel aims to provide the host Government with additional skills to achieve the objectives of UNDP-supported projects in that country.
In Bethlehem, 25 Palestinians were injured near Rachel’s Tomb when hundreds of marchers attacked soldiers, who responded with tear-gas and rubber bullets.
6.6.4.4 Specific requirements for fibreboard large packagings
At 2045 hours mortar shells fired by the minion Lahad's militia fell in Wadi Bisri.
These activities were concentrated in a hospital that will serve as a model for future experiences.
Vehicles with “S” plates registered in the name of mission staff will not be authorized to park in the United Nations compound.
40. The General Assembly, in its resolution 52/233, calls upon the Council to prepare guidelines on which Member States may be able to draw in addressing the diverse aspects of the year 2000 problem.
(d) Any tonnes of carbon equivalent emissions allowed that are acquired from another Party under Article 6 (international emissions trading) (see paragraphs 136-136.2) or Article 7 (joint implementation) (see paragraphs 143-143.6); and minus
of Pakistan to the United Nations addressed to the
Those data showed that the majority of employers required its staff, or staff in certain positions, to have knowledge of and work in an additional language. No premium was paid, however, by any of the employers.
English Page Recalling its resolutions 46/198 A of 20 December 1991 and 46/198 B of 14 February 1992 on the financing of the United Nations Advance Mission in Cambodia, 46/222 A of 14 February 1992, 47/209 A of 22 December 1992, 47/209 B of 14 September 1993 and 48/255 of 26 May 1994 on the financing of the Transitional Authority, and 46/222 B of 22 May 1992 on the financing of the Advance Mission and the Transitional Authority,
There is an entrance for delegates only at GA-032A.
The situation was compounded by the fact that members of the Palestinian Bar were not allowed to speak and appear in Israeli courts.
49. The Committee noted with appreciation the efforts by the Secretariat to improve utilization of the conference facilities at the United Nations Office at Nairobi, in particular with regard to the pilot project to provide remote interpretation from the United Nations Office at Vienna.
However, as time goes on, the affected third State should find ways to adjust to its severed economic contacts with the target State.
(b) The annual report of the Security Council to the General Assembly should give a substantive and analytical account of the Council’s work, and it should be made available to the General Assembly before the beginning of its annual general debate;
Iraq seeks the exclusion of these claims on the basis that Iraq is not liable for deposits made before 2 August 1990.
Such was reportedly the case for more than 15 representatives elected from various constituencies.
Though recent growth in GDP (7.4 per cent in 1995) has largely come from the service sector and small and medium-sized units, which are not in relative terms major contributors of GHGs, heavy and energy-intensive industry remains important, including in exports.
Informal consultations on the following draft proposals A/C.2/ 52/L.6 (item 101), A/C.2/52/L.13 (item 96 (b)); the recom- mendations contained in Economic and Social Council decisions 1997/217, 1997/223, 1997/ 308 and resolutions 1997/42 and 43 (see A/52/3, Chapter I and documents A/52/8 and E/1997/49) (item 12); and the draft proposal A/C.2/52/L.17 (item 97 (g))
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda item 37, and of the Security Council.
Plans were under way to conduct a nutrition survey in the Gaza Strip in autumn 1998, in cooperation with the Palestinian Authority and the WHO collaborating centre, the United States Centres for Disease Prevention and Control.
Today, it is Eritrea; whose turn will it be tomorrow since only the Ethiopia-Kenyan border is demarcated?
31. The Committee considered this question at its resumed 45th meeting, on 18 December.
In 1971 the Committee had consisted of one representative per 8.67 Member States.
The third element in the UNDCP strategy for policy development and methodology work is the focus on the practical applicability of its products.
Nigeria seeks compensation in the amount of US$107,500.63 for these evacuation costs.
The Government of Denmark recommends that the Government of Lebanon reconsider their reservations to [the said Convention].”
59. The main consequences of such practices are to multiply and exacerbate the problems of the developing countries.
Edited texts and revised translations are issued later;
Chairperson Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women
(c) When becoming party to this Convention, such an organization shall communicate to the depositary a declaration indicating which States are members thereof and which articles of this Convention do not apply to it;
3. The United Nations Environment Programme and the United Nations Development Programme were represented at the meeting.
Public management, economy and governance
The process of cost estimation of inputs and the allocation of resources to different components within a project should be subjected to closer scrutiny at the project appraisal stage.
(b) To cooperate with the Commission on National Reconciliation and its subcommissions, and with the Central Commission on Elections and the Holding of a Referendum;
Underpinning the Union's consideration of the calendar were the time constraints placed on the intergovernmental machinery and the consequent need to have a calendar which made optimum use of the time available.
IFAD's most direct contribution to combating desertification and the effects of drought is at the local level through the development and financing of programmes and projects that could serve as replicable responses to the causes and consequences of poverty and environmental degradation in dryland areas.
Packaging materials including tape, cardboard boxes, plastic wrapping, foam-packaging chemicals, etc.
Strengthening of external oversight mechanisms
This includes information, training, and technical support.
In addition, the Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations travelled to the region as the Secretary-General’s Personal Envoy to consult the Government and interested Member States.
23. At its fifty—second and fifty—third sessions, the Committee considered reports, comments and information from 23 States parties under article 9 of the Convention.
It further suggests, inter alia, that the authorities adopt explicit legislation and measures to protect children from economic exploitation through employment as domestic servants and in other informal sectors, engage in research and collection of data, and promote integration and vocational training programmes.
(i) A one-time contribution of US$1 million from UNDP's global programme resources;
Since the issuance of the Secretary-General’s reform proposals in July 1997 and, in particular, in the context of the establishment and launching of the Strategic Planning Unit in the Executive Office of the Secretary-General, intensive consultations have been conducted with UNU senior management on ways and means to enhance further the contribution of the United Nations University to the work of the Secretariat and the deliberations of intergovernmental bodies.
15. Over a period of several decades alternative development as a means of reducing illicit cultivation has come to be widely recognized by the international community as an indispensable component of the international drug-control strategy.
Injecting drug use practice is not limited to intravenous injecting, but also include intramuscular or subcutaneous injecting.
6. Calls upon the administering Power to transmit information regarding the political, economic and social situation of New Caledonia to the Secretary-General;
19. At the same time, the Under-Secretary-General has put in place the structures and working practices of the new Office.
The ITC standard format for submissions of new publication proposals to the Publications Board, which contains a number of other elements required for the consideration of proposals, has been in use for several years and has been particularly valuable in the appraisal and approval of such proposals by the Board.
This would outline, in broad terms, the courses of action that would need to be taken and the priority areas to be addressed.
Eighty Ethiopian teachers in Assab left freely for Djibouti with the assistance of the local administration, but on their arrival there the Ethiopian Government claimed they had been expelled.
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation
The multiplicity of actors and the failure at times to achieve consensus on operations or objectives has sometimes impeded rather than advanced humanitarian goals.
Official development assistance has been fluctuating between 0.30 and 0.34 per cent of GNP since 1991.
I. Recommendations adopted by the Expert Meeting . 2
10. On each side of the area of separation there is an area of limitation with three zones that are 0-10 kilometres, 10-20 kilometres and 20-25 kilometres wide, respectively.
1. The Commission on Narcotic Drugs at its forty-first session will need to act again not only as a functional commission of the Economic and Social Council and the governing body of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP), but also as the preparatory body for the special session of the General Assembly to be held in 1998.
1317. While taking note of the positive results of the joint Chuuk State-UNICEF Vitamin A Deficiency and Vermox Programme, the Committee is concerned at the prevalence of malnutrition and vitamin A deficiency in the State party, as well as the limited access to safe water and adequate sanitation.
IRAQ Representative Mr. Dhari K. Mahmood, Director-General of the Ministry of Justice
The subprogramme will enhance understanding of global economic and social issues and problems, contribute to improving national and international policies in these areas and facilitate the exploration of new forms of international cooperation for development.
The persons participating in the commission of such acts bear criminal responsibility for their actions and the basis for such responsibility must be sought in international law.
For this reason, it would not be right to assimilate States to other organizations in matters of criminal responsibility.
Rather, it is necessary to tackle the problems at their source.
The United Nations early warning capabilities have been significantly improved in recent years.
(b) Table 2, current status of 1999 estimated income from voluntary sources;
(a) To evaluate how well the internationally coordinated systems for providing current and advance climatological and weather-related information performed during the 1997/1998 El Niño, and to recommend priorities and initiatives to improve the effectiveness of those systems for future El Niño and other climate-related emergencies;
DOCUMENTS BEFORE THE SUBSIDIARY BODY FOR SCIENTIFIC AND
Today, 23 October, the first panel on the theme “The Evolving Role of United Nations and Disarmament” will take place from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Dag Hammarskjöld Library Auditorium.
The obligation to adopt appropriate measures of law and policy
National human rights institutions can be effective mechanisms by which to translate international human rights standards into a national culture for human rights.
The projection shows no basic change in the recurring pattern of a significant deficit that has affected the Organization during the last four months or so of every year since 1995.
41. Some delegations noted that, while a similar proposal had been adopted by the Group in paragraph 1, a distinction should be made in relation to paragraph 5, which covered a different situation.
44. In the context of the Secretary-General’s efforts to introduce a performance-based culture, a significant step has been taken with the introduction of a new performance appraisal system, which ultimately must provide the basis for any system of recognition and rewards.
20. The Advisory Committee recalls that, as indicated in its report E/CN.7/1995/22, paragraph 12, in addition to the posts charged to the headquarters support budget, there are 32 posts at headquarters charged to global projects budgets.
II. Activities of the Special Rapporteur
600. The Committee further recommends that the State party take all appropriate measures, including by reinforcing existing international cooperation programmes, to reduce the rates of school drop-out and repetition.
An important task that the tribunal could undertake would be to individualize guilt for crimes affecting the whole Burundian community, with a view to determining the individual responsibility of those found guilty of massacres, genocide and genocidal acts.4
In two cases involving $30,264 at ECA and $15,366 at the UNDP programme office in Nigeria, fraud was committed through the fraudulent endorsement of cheques.
As at 31 December 1997, a total of 331 staff were on board, consisting of 42 international and 289 local staff.
(b) To repeal those legal measures used to discriminate against ethnic Albanians, including repressive laws on universities;
9. The spokesperson for the African Group (Tunisia) welcomed the increasing emphasis in UNCTAD's assistance to the Palestinian people on concrete operational activities, including close coordination with the Palestinian Authority and the private sector.
It affirms the significance of UNRWA in other fields of operation outside of the Occupied Palestinian Territory as well as the continuation of all field offices, including the field office in Jerusalem.
18. Support account for peacekeeping operations —
Considering that, pursuant to its resolutions 415 (V) of 1 December 1950 and 46/152 of 18 December 1991, the Tenth United Nations Congress on the Prevention of Crime and the Treatment of Offenders is to be convened in the year 2000,
At the most recent session of the Board, delegations encouraged greater collaboration between UNDP and UNCTAD.
(ff) Urges States, particularly countries of origin of refugees, resolutely to cooperate at the bilateral, regional and universal levels to address the underlying causes of refugee flows, both in a preventive and curative manner, and to facilitate just and lasting solutions;
Mr. Terry Noade (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland)
UNCTAD regularly attends ECE meetings organized by its Transport Division, and helped organize two seminars on containerization.
On this special occasion, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, H.E. Mr. Kofi Annan will recognize project represent-atives from Viet Nam, South Africa, El Salvador and from the United States for their outstanding contributions to the eradication of poverty.
“23.16 The second objective of the subprogramme is to develop a timely and more effective news-gathering and delivery system to be built around the concept of a multimedia central news desk with stronger news-gathering and timely distribution capacity tied to the global daily news cycle.
Action on all draft resolutions was taken at the 22nd to 31st meetings, from 3 to 6 and on 9, 10, 12 and 13 November (see A/C.1/53/PV.22-31).
For instance, electronic presence is much easier to obtain than physical presence on any given market or territory: how does this simple fact affect the current notions of contestability of national markets?
I have the honour to enclose the text of the proposal by the Russian Federation on the demilitarization of the Republic of Cyprus and the maintenance of the security of its inhabitants.
is the fundamental programme of action for achieving sustainable development, and that the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21, Resolution S-19/2, annex. adopted at the nineteenth special session of the General Assembly, will enhance the full implementation of the outcome of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development,
16. Contributions made pursuant to paragraph 12 (a) from States and regional economic integration organizations that become Parties to the Convention after the beginning of a financial period shall be made pro rata temporis for the balance of that financial period.
It focuses on five topics: (a) the fundamentals of reform; (b) civil society’s primary requirements for the administration of justice; (c) responses to requests from civil society; (d) a strategy for action; and (e) the agents of the change.
The view was also expressed that the revisions of subprogramme 6.2 should have reflected the leadership role of the United Nations Development Programme at the national level through the United Nations Development Assistance Framework process, and that the role of ECA was to contribute to the process at the field level.
96. The demobilized combatants who were staying in temporary hostels – who were considered the most vulnerable group – have moved to properties acquired with the help of the Land Trust Fund.
These include an environmentally significant spill of aviation fuel at the airport which used to service the test site, which needs to be cleaned up.
(c) To avoid increases at the high net income levels.
22. Based on the operational requirements of the Mission, two aircraft would be deployed to the Mission area, consisting of one MI-8 helicopter and one B-200 (Beechcraft) fixed- wing aircraft.
7. After adoption of the resolution, statement in explanation of position were made by the representatives of Ukraine, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (on behalf of the State Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union and also on behalf of the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Cyprus), the United States of America, Slovakia, France, Indonesia (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China), Mexico, China and the United Kingdom.
This includes, most notably, an emphasis on counselling, intensification of a reproductive health perspective and an emphasis on adolescent health.
Trade Points have a practical set of objectives: they should: (1) allow the enhancement of local awareness (in government and in the business community) of the potential for trade efficiency and international competitiveness of better business practices and adequate use of information technologies; (2) contribute to the lowering of transaction costs for local importers and exporters, in particular by offering a "single window" for trade procedures and low-cost tools for participating in information-intensive sectors of international trade such as electronic commerce; and (3) promote the adoption of internationally recognized norms and standards for trade transactions and trade-related documentation.
15. Different levels of authority are defined in ST/AI/234/Rev.1; some matters are reserved to the Secretary-General, others are within the authority of the Assistant Secretary-General for Human Resources Management, the Controller, the heads of substantive departments or offices or the Heads of Offices away from Headquarters.
Despite the emerging worldwide phenomenon of synthetic drugs, which are inexpensive and can be produced virtually anywhere at high profit margins, the international illicit markets for plant-based drugs such as cocaine, heroin and cannabis remain strong.
Due to Foundation (statement XI) 1 738 488
At the same time, the Committee appreciates the detailed and updated information provided orally bythe delegation in the course of its consideration of the report.
111. The Committee notes the efforts undertaken by the Government at the level of legislation, policies, programmes and awareness-raising to redress the effects left by apartheid on women and to achieve gender equality.
Part III describes existing cooperation between UNCTAD and those international organizations with which UNCTAD has actively collaborated in recent years.
However, such an unprecedented and unique opportunity should not necessarily be confined to the narrow fields, but could cover the whole range of the issues of small arms which the Group of Experts is currently dealing with, including the problems of disarmament, demobilization and economic development of post-conflict areas.
It notes in particular that, given the persistent overall high levels of crime and violence in the country, there is a danger that efforts to address violence against women, although identified as a priority area in the National Crime Prevention Strategy, may become submerged in the larger struggle against violence in society.
Matters brought to the attention of States parties
These materials may find future use as catalysts, superconductors, hydrogen storage materials or photovoltaics.
To ensure more effective oversight and enhanced service to depository libraries, a joint inter-agency programme of visits to those institutions was initiated earlier this year.
PART II. RECENT ORIENTATIONS IN UNCTAD'S ASSISTANCE TO THE PALESTINIAN PEOPLE 19 — 35
Parties participating in joint implementation projects shall, on the basis of joint agreement and in accordance with their contributions, have the right to share among themselves the outcomes of the greenhouse gas emission reduction and/or sink enhancement (in terms of tonnes of carbon equivalent or some other agreed basis) achieved by the projects.
The invasion of March 1978 — Operation Litani (Operation Peace for Galilee)
7. Requests the Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme, in his capacity as Convenor of the United Nations Development Group, to ensure the full involvement in the preparations for the Conference of United Nations resident coordinators and country teams in the least developed countries;
The situations differ too much to be brought together in a single approach.
2. Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
Today, about 10 per cent of the population over age 60 are already in aged 80 and above, and the proportion will rise to 25 per cent before the year 2050;
Parallel with this, and in a move to coordinate efforts with other organizations, the secretariat established contacts with the United Nations Special Coordinator in the Occupied Territories (UNSCO), bringing to his attention the Programme and areas in which the secretariat had commenced work.
As detailed in section A of the present annex, provision under this heading is based on the worldwide third-party liability insurance premium rates in effect from 1 July 1997.
This blatant incursion across the line of control by Indian military personnel has raised tension to an even higher level, increasing further the threat to peace and security in the region.
During the review a considerable amount of information was provided to the team on public awareness and the dissemination of information regarding climate change, in particular through leaflets and information campaigns.
18. Modern technology is bound to play a crucial role for the United Nations as it prepares to meet the challenges of the twenty-first century.
9. Decolonization Programme of the United Nations system (A/C.4/52/L.4/Rev.1)
The Asian miracle became the Asian crisis.
Clearly this problem needs to be revisited and addressed.
All posts at the P-4 level have been reclassified accordingly, and the distribution of assignments reflects these changes.
Additional provision is made in the amount of $34,400 for the purchase of medical supplies, taking into account approved resources of $10,000.
This trend intensified with the arrival of the British and other “white” population groups which, by violence or cunning, appropriated nearly all the agricultural and residential lands in South African territory.
The officials stated that the man was serving a nine-year sentence handed down by a Palestinian court for his involvement in the murder of collaborators and the abduction of two border policemen in 1996.
5. The Department does not at present provide technical servicing to the Security Council, which remains in the Department of Political Affairs, or to the Fifth and Sixth Committees of the Assembly, which continue to receive technical and substantive servicing by the Department of Management and the Office of Legal Affairs, respectively.
∙ In three projects, there were problems in the procurement of equipment, including lack of procurement scheduling and monitoring, the provision of unnecessary or inappropriate equipment, failure to deliver some equipment.
(b) The situation of high tension on the border between the Islamic Republic of Iran and Afghanistan (August-October);
Between 1945 and 2015 hours Israeli war planes overflew the South and the area of Shuf at high altitude.
The Committee recommends that the State party adopt further measures to raise awareness on prenatal services for women.
Israel also targeted the Palestinian refugee camps spread throughout Lebanon and in the regions encircling the capital, Beirut, subjecting them to air strikes, each of which left scores of dead and injured.
In these economies, successful upgrading has recently allowed a more liberal approach to FDI, in line with their higher levels of industrialization and the emergence of their own TNCs.
This is another major reason why developing countries in particular should grant priority to obtaining such hands-on experience.
Adviser, Regional Information Technology and Software Engineering Center
Anticipatory planned adaptation is particularly important to reduce vulnerability to climate change.
(a) The following is an analysis of the amount shown in statement VI as deferred charges as at 31 December 1997 (in United States dollars):
∙ Audits of the regional commissions (A/52/776, annex)
Assists and manages the development of UNDCP's capability to assess, analyse and communicate the global drug problem using economic methods.
4. Mobilizing and channelling financial resources
The Officer will also prepare and process allowances earned by mission personnel, will be in charge of implementing the financial rules, regulations and instructions, will act as approving officer and will be responsible for ensuring that payments have been properly certified and have not been duplicated, and that adequate supporting documents exist.
35. The Commission strongly supported the audit findings on the importance of having direct access to a centralized cohesive database related to human resources data for each United Nations common system organization.
8.2 "Convention" means the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, adopted at New York on 9 May 1992.
Report of the Secretary-General on ways and means of ensuring effective preparations for the 10-year review of Agenda 21 (A/53/609/Add.1, para. 6)
(c) Preparation of the National Conference on Reconstruction;
Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples
Knowledge of languages: Swedish, Finnish and English. Education
EEC/LWS European Economic Community/Lutheran World Service
Provision is made for freight costs for shipping and clearing charges in connection with official shipments in and out of Kuwait and for other items not included elsewhere in the cost estimates ($100,000).
The host country had a “quasi-virtual veto” in the Committee.
The approach was to promote a healthy drug-free lifestyle, which should lead to a decline in consumption.
Progress report on research and systematic observation.
181. On 15 December, backed by more than 20 cement trucks and heavy tractors, the IDF imposed a curfew on the West Bank village of Azira Shamalya, where it demolished two houses and sealed two others that were attached to other homes.
(d) All exceptions to the Staff Rules should be reported, with explanations for the basis of such decisions.
Consequently, additional requirements of $182,800 resulted from the actual troop strength (289 person/months) being higher than the estimated strength (120 person/months) by 169 person/months.
Association Internationale de Droit Pénal
Member Prison Law Reform Committee: Committee set up to make recommendations for the reform of the laws governing prisons.
127. Notwithstanding the implementation of several temporary special measures in the political field and appointments to decision-making posts, the Committee is concerned whether such measures have become acceptable.
“6. Ensuring unimpeded and non-discriminatory access of the population of countries which are the object of sanctions to humanitarian assistance.
The Commission co-sponsored with Habitat the Fourth Meeting of Ministers Responsible for Human Settlements in European Countries with Economies in Transition, in Budapest, in June 1995, at which the Budapest Declaration was adopted.
As for paragraph 6, the view was expressed that it should not be formulated in terms of the settlement of disputes, but of the utilization of measures for the maintenance or restoration of international peace and security.
Although specific cases of discrimination are often resolved after the intervention of international agencies, problems continue to be reported from throughout the region.
About 130 million children remain out of primary school, about 60 per cent of them girls.
The internal closures between parts of the Gaza Strip result from the closing of main roads located near Israeli settlements.
The Committee recommends that the State party disseminate widely the text of its initial report, as well as the present concluding observations.
The Committee was informed that the views of the member States of the Commission on the revisions would be sought in the context of the report on the activities of the Commission that is dispatched to them in the years when the Commission does not meet.
C. Member States with unpaid balances representing an additional 25 per cent assessment for the reserve requirement
Targeting of the poorest group is critically important, particularly in regions with the worst social conditions, such as South Asia.
Government forces reportedly opened mortar fire close to a group of internally displaced persons camped on a hillside, killing 8 people and wounding 37, including women and children.
It further affirmed the commitment of the Council to the protection of the Arctic environment, including the health of its ecosystems, maintenance of biodiversity in the region, and conservation and sustainable use of natural resources.
6. Emphasizes that refugee protection is primarily the responsibility of States, whose full and effective cooperation, action and political resolve are required to enable the Office of the High Commissioner to fulfil its mandated functions;
It is aimed primarily at young readers, using humour and simple language to explain the problems of desertification and the efforts made to find solutions.
21. I strongly encourage all countries members of the Committee to implement the principles and measures contained in the Bata Declaration, which they adopted unanimously, in order to promote lasting democracy, peace and development in Central Africa (see document A/53/258, annex II, appendix I).
ICSC, however, reported to the General Assembly that conditions for changing the comparator were not in place.
(h) Systems contract for repair and maintenance of the Base’s fleet of 52 vehicles, including heavy equipment such as trailers, forklifts and other material handling equipment ($114,300);
Once again, pursuant to Assembly resolution 51/74, the Secretary-General, on 23 June 1998, addressed communications to Governments and a number of non-governmental organizations requesting their contributions, views and information on the progress made by them in the implementation of the resolution.
Also, some civilian police opted for repatriation by privately owned vehicles, which reduced their repatriation costs.
A community initiative in the West Bank and Gaza promotes the involvement of children and young people in the development of their communities.
109. Committee of Experts on the Transport of Dangerous Goods - Subcommittee of Experts on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, sixteenth session [Economic and Social Council resolution 1989/104]
It needs no further explanation that such a Japanese farce as calling black white cannot hold water at all in today’s bright world.
Programme 24. Management and central support services
(f) Improvement of the energy efficiency of plants for the provision of low temperature heat (for example industrial cogeneration plant, heating boilers or similar devices) and other small combustion plants, and regular examination of such plants;
In order to meet the intent of Security Council resolutions quickly and effectively, in particular their requirement for rapid deployment, the Secretary-General considers that the United Nations logistics system must be capable of supporting the following timescales:
Work thus far has been focused on Headquarters in New York and among the procurement-oriented organizations at Copenhagen.
145. Review of the implementation of General Assembly resolution 48/218 B (P.147 (b)).
The acts performed personally by an official, however highly placed, who makes use of the State to commit an international crime, cannot embrace all the acts of the State constituting that crime.
“The United States implements the Compliance Agreement through the High Seas Fishing Compliance Act of 1995 (HSFCA).
(a) Report of the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalien- able Rights of the Palestinian People (A/52/35)
The United Nations, in accordance with its Charter, has a duty to continuously undertake adequate political, economic and social measures aimed at preventing instability, facilitating a solution to the open questions among States and preventing unsatisfactory economic and social developments to become violent conflicts.
Legal matters: Implementation of the Headquarters Agreement.
Having considered chapter III, section C, of the report of the Committee on Contributions, Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 11 (A/53/11).
The Rapporteur introduced the addendum and the draft recom-mendations and conclusions.
(d) Letter dated 14 July 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Namibia to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the resolutions adopted at the ninety-ninth session of the General Conference of the Inter-Parliamentary Union, held at Windhoek from 2 to 11 April 1998 (A/53/201); A/53/605
The contribution made by N2O emission reductions to overall emission reductions declines in all Parties throughout the period.
Development and transfer of technologies
A duty is placed on the police to inform those detained of this right and any request is recorded in writing unless it is made whilst the detained person is at court.
1. Reiterating the commitment enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations to save succeeding generations from the scourge of war,
On 23 February 1985 Israeli occupation forces carried out a massacre in the village of Sir al-Gharbiyah in the district of Nabatiyah.
II. Heroin and morphine: potential global availability and seizures, 1984-1995 5
I have the honour to draw your attention to the attached statement issued on 12 May 1998 by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine in response to the underground nuclear tests conducted by India on 11 May 1998.
E. Report of the Security Council to the General Assembly
A minimum of 250 copies should be provided to ensure at least one copy per delegation, as well as copies for observer states.
It further considers that the trade competitiveness of smaller firms in these countries is of central importance to their more active participation in international trade.
(g) Where the assignment is for two years or longer, removal costs under rule 107.27 shall normally be paid in the case of service at headquarters duty stations or other duty stations classified in the same category; the non-removal element shall normally be paid in the case of service at all other duty stations.
110. As regards paragraph 40 of the notes, it was stated that in some cases the retention of geographical monopolies might be warranted for a transitional period only, a circumstance that should be mentioned in the guide.
(v) Make recommendations on the establishment of ad hoc panels, including issues relating to the terms of reference, composition and modalities of work of the panels.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999 [116]
1. As a result of the implementation of the wet-lease arrangements for the reimbursement of contingent-owned equipment, requirements under the contingent-owned equipment budget line increased and requirements under other budget line items decreased.
7. The secretariat plans to present future budgets in a revised and improved format taking into account the above and other relevant matters.
14. International Drug Control Annex VII
2. Market access and entry conditions 35-39
I. GLOBALIZATION AND INCOME DISTRIBUTION 23 - 44 12
Today it has become almost a platitude in spite of the impotence and drama inherent in it.
Activities implemented jointly under the pilot phase 23
92. The United States pointed out that, as a principal sponsor of General Assembly resolutions 49/116 and 52/29, it was particularly interested in ensuring that flag States fulfilled their obligation to prevent fishing vessels entitled to fly their national flag from fishing in areas under the national jurisdiction of other States unless duly authorized, and to ensure that those fishing operations were conducted in accordance with the terms and conditions established by competent authorities.
During full closures, Palestinians holding West Bank and Gaza Strip identity cards, including Agency staff, were prevented from leaving their area of residence and had their permits revoked without notice.
155 litres per hour at 24 cents per litre.
An elaborate worldwide public relations campaign can bring business executives into a country, only to have them turn back due to an unwelcoming attitude on the part of a single customs official.
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments;
II. Report of the Board of Auditors Summary A. Introduction
Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP)
Our observations are evidenced by the minutes on the mentioned sessions (CERD/C/SR.1260 and CERD/C/SR.1262).
Pharmaceutical preparations containing narcotic drugs or psychotropic substances are still widely available throughout Asia without a medical prescription.
Appreciating the development of relations between Japan and the Russian Federation based on the Tokyo Declaration, which formed the foundation for the construction of this creative partnership, and determined to further develop the bilateral relationship in all areas,
∙ to explore the limitations of the conventional financial reporting model as a vehicle for reporting environmental data;
A similar development corridor is to be launched for Beira in the first quarter of 1998.
Acquisitions are charged against the appropriate budget accounts in the year of purchase;
Had the Base not come into existence, the United Nations would have had to continue to operate the Supply Depot at an annual cost of $800,000.
Also available on the World Wide Web (http://www.unfccc.de) GE.97-60850 English Page
Noting also the report of the intended closure of the foreign military bases and installations in the Territory,
During the financial period 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998, budgetary provision was made for the following changes to the UNMIBH vehicle establishment: (a) the replacement of 404 vehicles that had met the standard criteria for write-off (A/41/519/Add.1); (b) 82 vehicles for the enlargement of the mandate authorized under Security Council resolution 1103 (1997) (A/51/519/Add.4); and (c) 48 vehicles for the enlargement of the mandate authorized under Security Council resolution 1107 (1997).
India's neighbours will naturally be concerned about the tests but a nuclear arms race is not the way to address the issue of maintaining stability in south Asia.
As shown, the estimated heroin interception rate stayed fairly stable, ranging from 7 to 10 per cent, except for a peak of 14.7 per cent in 1993.
(d) At the end of paragraph 23.8, add and the views of the host Governments;
6. After the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Germany made a statement.
Other information obtained by the COHCHR indicates that the five other men had also been tortured in order to force them to implicate Danh Teav in the murder he was accused of.
B. Communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention 17 - 19 8
DDSMS Department for Development Support and Management Services of the United Nations Secretariat
At 0530 hours an Israeli gunboat at sea off Mansuri directed several bursts of fire in various directions.
Assistance has been provided to a number of African countries in the preparation of round-table meetings with a view to mobilizing resources for sustainable food security, agriculture and rural development.
∙ The United States budget bill for foreign operations enacted in 1993 conditioned the granting of aid to the Soviet Union on the possibility of serious negotiations with that country with the aim of reducing the export of complex conventional weapons to the Islamic Republic;
MEETINGS OTHER THAN MEETINGS OF UNITED NATIONS BODIES
14. Recognizes that Governments should implement and enforce appropriate and effective legislation to prevent acts of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance;
These resolutions, inter alia, "call upon all States not to recognize the purported State of the 'Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus' set up by secessionist acts and ... not to facilitate or in any way assist the aforesaid secessionist entity".
The Board therefore reiterates its earlier recommendation made in its report for the biennium ended 31 December 1995 that continued efforts be made to recover the outstanding tax reimbursements.
Mild steel means a steel with a guaranteed minimum tensile strength of 360 N/mm2 to 440 N/mm2 and a guaranteed minimum elongation at fracture conforming to 6.6.3.3.3.3;
However, at the district, commune and village levels, lower-ranking party members and activists faced threats and intimidation.
It will be made to the Permanent Representatives of the donors and other Governments directly concerned.
The Executive Board of UNDP and of UNFPA will hold informal consultations on the reports of the Executive Board field visits to Jamaica, Turks and Caicos Islands and Cuba (DP/ 1997/CRP.24) and to Kyrgyzstan and Latvia (DP/1997/CRP.26) on Thursday, 9 October 1997, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Eco-nomic and Social Council Chamber.
Another reason is that quantitative restrictions continue to provide additional protection for the textiles and clothing industry.
(a) A graphic information system is to be introduced in the Mine Action Service.
It encouraged Governments, as well as intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations, to undertake human rights education and information initiatives as a contribution to the commemoration of the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and to continue that work, in accordance with the Plan of Action, for the duration of the Decade.
According to annex 2 of the Dayton Peace Accords, the Arbitral Tribunal for the Dispute over the Inter-Entity Boundary in the Brčko Area was established in order to reach a decision on the administration of Brčko.
Within this context, they noted with satisfaction the agreement reached by the coastal States in the Black Sea on the guidelines for negotiating a regional process of confidence- and security-building measures in the naval field and called for the early completions of these negotiations with a view to starting the implementation phase.
In the following cases, commencing proceedings is mandatory for OEC on receipt of applications or may happen on the Office's own motion in the absence of applications:
45. The Committee welcomes the steps taken to reform the school system and to improve the quality of education, including a thorough review of the curricula.
15. Also requests the Commission at its eighth session to prepare a draft declaration for submission to the Tenth Congress, taking into account the results of the regional preparatory meetings;
Provision of $40,600 is made for the clothing and equipment allowance for 203 military observers at a rate of $200 per annum.
II. CHAIRMAN'S SUMMARY OF EXPERTS' DISCUSSIONS
A report on the mission is to be submitted to the Committee at its seventeenth session.
Such a plan could include taking legal action, training judicial, law enforcement and health personnel, informing women about their rights and about the Convention and strengthening victims’ services.
Action on draft resolution A/C.3/52/L.41
A breakdown of CO2 emission reductions by sector is presented in table 7.
The total budget of the programme amounts to $3,307,000.
C. The meeting of the Ulema Commission in Islamabad
4. Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives [112 (c)]
Methadone maintenance programmes started later in Bahrain (1985) and Austria (1987).
– A/AC.247/1998/CRP.15 entitled, “Joint position paper of the States members of the Group of Eastern European States eligible for non-permanent membership in the Security Council: the matter of allocation of one additional non-permanent seat for this Group in the enlarged membership of the Security Council” (see annex XXIII).
(f) Second and third quarterly reports of the Secretary-General on the acceptance of type II gratis personnel (A/C.5/52/43 and A/C.5/52/51);
The current recruitment system contains multiple layers of advisory bodies which diffuse the responsibility and the accountability of the programme managers.
A meeting of experts on cooperatives was held at Geneva from 29 March to 2 April 1993 by the International Labour Organization.
Took note of the statement of the chairman of the Scientific and Technical Advisory Committee (STAP) of the Global Environmental Facility indicating a willingness of the STAP to cooperate with the SBSTA and the secretariat, for example, by making available reports on relevant topics.
Barbados, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Cyprus, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Ethiopia, Israel, Panama, Paraguay, United Republic of Tanzania, Venezuela.
Main themes of focus are the legal protection of women migrant workers, women’s human rights, ethnic minorities and refugees, and the functioning of national institutions.
214. At its thirty-second session, the Working Group discussed the issue of incorporation by reference on the basis of various texts that were proposed as possible additions to the Model Law. That discussion was recorded in the report of the Working Group on the work of its thirty-second session (A/CN.9/446, paras. 14-23), together with the text of the various proposals that were considered by the Working Group.
A summary of the Board’s main recommendations are reported in paragraph 11. The detailed findings of the audit are discussed in paragraphs 12 to 225.
Letter dated 22 July 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Austria to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting a statement on the situation in Nigeria issued on 22 July 1998 by the Presidency of the European Union (A/53/188)
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999 [116]
200. The Committee recommends that the Government of the Czech Republic give impetus to the establishment of an adequately resourced national machinery with a clear mandate to implement, coordinate and monitor the provisions of the Convention.
Provision for maintenance services is based on 5 per cent of annual rental costs and reflects actual consumption of services in the mission area.
Proposed budget for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 12. The proposed budget of UNDOF for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 amounts to $33,643,900 gross ($32,750,200 net).
Those two documents should be used by the Committee and others as complementary tools in promoting the rights of disabled children.
The Greek Cypriot administration in South Cyprus has no jurisdiction or right of say over flights within the national airspace of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.
Sustainable development and international economic coopera-tion [97] (A/52/92, A/52/112, A/52/139, A/52/153-S/1997/384, A/52/163, A/52/217-S/1997/507, A/52/284, A/52/318, A/52/447-S/1997/775)
They will be small units, with one to three staff members, located within government, university or non-governmental organization institutions in strategically located developing countries.
“3. Expresses its concern at the deterioration of the situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, aggravated by the ongoing conflict in the country and the continuing violations of human rights and international humanitarian law committed in the territory of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, in particular cases of summary and arbitrary execution, disappearances, torture, beatings, arbitrary arrest and detention without trial, sexual violence against women and children and the use of child soldiers”;
In the United Kingdom, for instance, despite privatization and deregulation in the express coach market, one of the two original public sector companies was able to retain its dominant position because of such advantages; but action was eventually taken to break it up into regional companies.
Also on the proposal of the President, the General Assembly agreed that the first meeting of the Open-ended Informal Consultations of the Plenary on Agenda Item 157 (United Nations reform: measures and proposals) be held immediately after the adjournment of the 29th plenary meeting.
Third Committee: H.E. Mr. Ali Hachani (Tunisia)
Encourages the Economic and Social Council, as well as its functional commissions and their subsidiary bodies, and other United Nations bodies and the specialized agencies to consider the feasibility of participation by representatives of the human rights treaty bodies in their meetings;
The Committee regrets that there seems to be a lack of adequate understanding in some quarters of the community of the principles of the Convention, as well as its holistic and interrelated approach, and the importance that the Convention places on the role of the family.
For example, 16 field offices incurred office expenses ranging between 28 and 76 per cent of gross proceeds above the approved limit of 25 per cent resulting in overexpenditure totalling $1.8 million;
United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP)
Provision is made in the amount of $29,000 for external audit services.
The challenge for managers of support activities over the next few years will be to conduct similar analyses for each key administrative process, to derive from these analyses a realistic understanding of current performance, and, on that basis, to set norms and standards for the services provided by the Department of Management.
Thereafter, 36 work/months would be needed in New York to handle a number of long-term mission liquidation activities, including reconciliation/reimbursement to troop-contributing countries for contingent-owned equipment, the settlement of third-party claims and commercial disputes, addressing audit observations, closing of accounts and follow-up on accounts receivable and write-off cases.
(v) Logistical assistance travel, including travel in connection with the implementation of the Field Assets Control System, $26,400 (four logistics personnel for 10 days each at $6,600 per trip).
9. No attack on a humanitarian zone would be allowed to go unpunished.
A new encouraging feature is the strong growth recorded in trade between developing Asia and Latin America in 1990-1995.
3. The following were represented at the session:
5. Calls upon Israel, the occupying Power, to accept the de jure applicability of the Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War, of 12 August 1949,23 and to abide scrupulously by its provisions;
Owing to the increased hourly rate on the renewal of the letter-of-assist arrangement effective 14 September 1996.
The briefings as of 6 October will take place at 3.30 p.m. in the Press Briefing Room (S-226).
This included activities in early warning and preventive diplomacy, crisis management, arms control and disarmament, and post-crisis stabilization and rehabilitation measures.
At the same time, by providing links to the sites and databases of other organizations of the United Nations system, the Web site is becoming a centralized point of reference for information on oceans and the law of the sea.
The two leaders express their intention to have formal contacts at the leaders’ level each year and to continue to actively utilize the practice of holding informal summit meetings.
In general, Parties did not specify whether their forests are totally managed or not.
One of those arrested was brought to the scene and questioned in the presence of reporters; later, his arraignment before an investigative judge was broadcast on television.
9. In the light of the close relationship between this section and section (f), the relevant information is contained under section (f) below.
For the biennium ended 31 December 1997, procurement service fees of $1.5 million (1995: $3 million) were earned and shown as project support costs in schedule 6.
3. It was noted that international trade in the health services sector also demonstrated the extremely vulnerable position of least developed countries and other structurally weak economies.
193. In 1993, the Commission reviewed the language incentive scheme for the Professional and higher categories, and recommended parameters for those organizations which considered that a language incentive scheme was a useful means of improving linguistic balance in the overall context of improved organizational effectiveness.
Chief, Engineering Section (P-4: one post)
51. At the 4th meeting, on 20 May, the Preparatory Committee for the Special Session of the General Assembly on the Implementation of the Outcome of the World Summit for Social Development and Further Initiatives held a panel discussion on the implementation of the outcome of the Summit.
This shows a lack of consistency in budget presentation for peacekeeping operations.
In volume terms, purely private debt accounted for two thirds of the increase and public and publicly guaranteed debt for approximately one third.
Article 16: Ships owned or operated by a State
6. The Asian Group also wished to voice its concern regarding the divergent views on the UNCTAD year.
19. Since the establishment of UNFIP on 1 March 1998, two funding rounds have been completed, in May and September 1998, with the third funding round expected to reach completion in January 1999.
In many countries, the right to freedom of movement has effectively been replaced by an enforced lack of freedom to move or flee.
Statement II Foundation: statement of assets, liabilities, reserves and fund balance at 31 December 1997
With project funding, construction was also completed on five classrooms, five toilet blocks, three water reservoirs, and one science laboratory, and three schools received comprehensive maintenance.
13. The democratic process initiated in Djibouti after the signature of the peace agreement with the rebels has led to a new political system with many parties running for election.
“(b) The Committee, taking into account difficulties encountered in ensuring adequate preparation of meetings, including timely distribution of documentation, as well as the ability of Member States to participate fully, recommends that the General Assembly should instruct the Main Committees to review the number of special conferences of the United Nations already proposed and scheduled in their respective fields of activity prior to deciding upon the scheduling of new and additional special conferences, thus bearing in mind the relevant portions of General Assembly resolution 33/55.”
Assessed contributions unpaidb (schedule 31.1)
81. The need for improved standards of environmental performance data is not restricted to enterprises based in developed countries, nor is it peculiar to the private sector.
3. Opening the Meeting on behalf of the Secretary-General of UNCTAD, the Officer-in-Charge of the Office of the Special Coordinator for LDCs stated that the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr. Kofi Annan, had sent a message which, inter alia, emphasized his keen interest in the progress towards further, improvements in the relationships between land-locked and transit developing countries and the role of the United Nations therein (see full text of the message in Annex II).
National currency and unit of measure: 10,000,000 Italian lire
The specifics of an internal control structure must be periodically reviewed and adjusted to keep pace with each organization’s changing environment.
2. Significant findings and recommendations
Concerned about the financial crisis affecting a number of countries, the Council recognized the need for improved measures to address the negative effects of the volatility of international capital flows in the international trading system and the development prospects of developing countries.
284. The Committee is very concerned at the existence of laws that are not in accordance with the provisions of the Convention.
6.6.3.7.2 Pressure-relief devices shall be designed to prevent the entry of foreign matter, the leakage of gas and the development of any dangerous excess pressure.
GrameenPhone is a premium-priced cellular telephony (GSM) offering for individuals and business in Bangladesh’s urban centres and has about 4,000 subscribers.
a Five-year moving average market value, as adopted by the Pension Board for determining the actuarial value of the assets.
The satellite belongs to the International Mobile Satellite Organization (Inmarsat).
Bearing in mind the special responsibilities of the States permanent members of the Security Council, as indicated in General Assembly resolution 1874 (S-IV) of 27 June 1963, in the financing of such operations,
681. The Committee also takes note of the willingness of the State party to provide international assistance to victims of emergencies, particularly in the case of 14,000 persons affected by the Chernobyl environmental disaster who received treatment offered by Cuba.
It is necessary not only to introduce an early warning system, but also to ensure transparency of the markets, since changes in one country immediately affect other parts of the world.
level of the reserve was set at 8.3 per cent of estimated expenditure for both 1996 and 1997 (see decision 17/CP.1, para. 1, as confirmed in decision 16/CP.2, para. 6).
The Israeli Agricultural Ministry’s Director-General, Zvi Alon, was reportedly infuriated by the charges, which he dismissed as “total, absolute rubbish”, adding that this was what Palestinian politicians said because it was not easy for them to admit that they did not have the ability to export on their own.
5. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft decision A/C.5/52/L.41, as orally revised, without a vote (see para. 6).
Perhaps it was time to resume that procedure.
In the West Bank, the Agency experienced no significant difficulty in obtaining details about the place of and reasons for detention of staff by the Israeli authorities.
In some cases there are differences in the 1990 emission figures between inventories and projections.
The critical role played by higher rates of private sector investment, as well as investments in public infrastructure, in removing supply constraints was generally recognized as being a central lesson which should be taken from East Asia to other developing countries.
The Committee received details showing that all the mandates and objectives of the former subprogrammes had been maintained in the relevant subprogrammes of section 7A; the scope of technical cooperation activities in the Department should be viewed in conjunction with the activities described in section 21, Regular programme of technical cooperation.
21. I would also like to thank publicly the Mayor of Lyon, Mr. Raymond Barre, former Prime Minister of France, for his support for this initiative.
1. We should like to state that the Socialist People’s Libyan Arab Jamahiriya considers that the draft guiding principles for international negotiations accord with the general principles of international law and, in particular, with the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties and that they would safeguard the legitimate rights of small States in negotiations at both the bilateral and multilateral levels.
J. Reservations to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women
Financial information on United Nations peacekeeping operations, is reported on separately at the end of the fiscal period for the peacekeeping accounts, ending 30 June each year.
Expressing its satisfaction with the continued economic and social advancement of the Territory, as well as with the improvement of its communications with the outside world and its management plan to address conservation issues,
The most significant outcome of the session was the Kyoto Protocol to the Convention, which has since been signed by over 50 States and, at the time of writing, ratified by one.
The missile and bomb strikes do not solve the problem; they cause the death of innocent civilians and destabilize the situation in the entire region.
(d) The SBSTA and the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on activities implemented jointly under the pilot phase for adoption by the Conference of the Parties at its third session (for the text of the draft decision see annex I below).
The above information also displays clearly the significant discrepancy between countries experiencing and reporting major cocaine and heroin trafficking problems and those actually applying advanced law enforcement techniques to counteract and dismantle the networks behind the trafficking.
Taking into account the documents mentioned above, the SBI may wish to recommend a draft decision on this item for adoption by the COP at its third session.
However, although the expression "incorporation by reference" had been used consistently by the Working Group as a concise way of referring to a complex range of legal and factual situations, it might not convey the same meaning in all enacting States.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-first Session, Supplement No. 32 (A/51/32 and Corr.1 and Add.1).
PROGRAMME BUDGET FOR THE BIENNIUM 1998-1999
Sixty-second session (16-20 March 1998): the Working Group on Communications and the Working Group on Article 40 were composed of Mr. Ando, Mr. Bhagwati, Mr. Buergenthal, Mr. El Shafei, Ms. Evatt and Ms. Medina Quiroga; Mr. Ando was elected Chairman/Rapporteur.
Add special provision “280” in column (b3).
In this connection, the permanent missions have already been contacted for their e-mail addresses, and those that have not yet responded are respectfully encouraged to do so.
President McDonald notes that, with the current capacity of the two Trial Chambers, and with the possibility that further indicted persons might be transferred to the custody of the Tribunal or that several cases might be severed, the Tribunal might require considerable time to complete all the trials.
The office, which is located in room S-2008, is open from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. (ext. 36280).
Speakers included: Hillary Rodham Clinton, First Lady of the United States of America; Philip Alston, Chairman of the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights; the Executive Secretary of the United Nations Population Fund; Ambassador Kamalesh Sharma, Permanent Representative of India to the United Nations in New York; and Wole Soyinka, Nobel Prize Laureate for Literature.
Although worldwide FDI flows have expanded, including flows to developing regions, much of it is concentrated in a small number of countries.
The amounts per Government, as noted in paragraph 109 of the report, are as follows:
(a) Disbandment of parastatal armed groups: this is one of the hardest measures to enforce because, if it is not accompanied by action to reintegrate group members into society, the cure may be worse than the disease;
32. It is also noted that a number of republics have adopted laws which guarantee the rights of national minorities, indigenous peoples and small ethnic groups.
grassroots and specialized NGO support to action programmes: conceptual design and editing of teaching materials; training courses; field visits and information-sharing, at an estimated cost for grants of USD 110,000;
Conversely, judges unlawfully appointed or who derive their judicial power from an act of allegiance may be relieved of their functions by law in accordance with the principle of parallelism.
Action on draft proposals A/C.3/52/L.4, L.6, L.7, L.8, L.22 and L.23
It is the intention of the Committee to revert to this matter when it examines the various reports on contingent-owned equipment that are forthcoming.
of Multilateral Environmental Agreements
16. Voluntary contributions in kind total $70,537.
Our endeavours to promote regional cooperation are in broad congruence with the aspirations of the countries of the region to increase integration with Europe.
The meeting will take place on Thursday, 9 October 1997, at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 2.
13th meeting Trusteeship Council Chamber
73. United Nations peacekeeping: Dag Hammarskjöld Medal.
Mr. Monty Graham and many other speakers in this meeting have highlighted this issue.
The reality is that there are people who are prepared to become mercenaries and who ultimately do so because of the pay they receive for engaging in an unlawful activity in a country other than their own; their intervention is motivated directly by financial gain.
The retroactive application of the procedures to completed missions has caused financial shortfalls owing to the fact that the overall reimbursement is exceeding the 10 per cent amount budgeted for contingent-owned equipment in some of these missions.
8. The potential of these paragraphs could well be examined so as to promote cooperation and avoid duplication.
170. Although no fundamental changes in health or social insurance had occurred since 1994, certain health insurance benefits had been transferred to the State social allowance system in 1995, with the goal of unifying State social allowances and benefits and thus providing support under a single system to families with children.
Improving the working methods and procedures of the Committee for Programme and Coordination within the framework of its mandate
Additionally, the Special Committee took into consideration the relevant documents of other intergovernmental bodies concerned, to which reference is made in the last preambular paragraph of the resolution it adopted on 10 July 1998 (see para. 8).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 50.
UNFPA extends assistance to developing countries, countries with economies in transition and other countries at their request to help them address reproductive health and population issues, and raises awareness of these issues in all countries, as it has since its inception.
Paragraph 6.2 Delete the last three sentences of the paragraph.
It provided an opportunity for assessing developments that had occurred in various governmental and societal sectors, but also for identifying obstacles and areas for further change.
These efforts, started with the introduction of the Optical Disk System (ODS) and e-mail, will be continued with the Internet, the implementation of document management systems and the introduction of printing on demand technologies.
52. The changing structure of transport and trade in Central Asia has increased the role of the private sector. As provider or user of transport services, the private sector has first-hand knowledge of the bottlenecks and obstacles encountered in day-to-day operations and, as such, is usually best suited to proposing viable and practical solutions.
33. In March 1997 the Office of Internal Oversight Services circulated to all offices and departments of the Secretariat draft monitoring and evaluation guidelines.
In addition, El Niño may reduce East Asian rubber production, at least in the short term.
Reaffirming the importance of the observance of the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations for the promotion and protection of all human rights and fundamental freedoms for all persons in all countries in the world,
I. Decision adopted by the Working Party at the first part of its twenty-ninth session
Subsequently, then, after discussion between the parties it was agreed that salaries would be paid on a cost-sharing basis proportional to the function and work assigned to each post, whether for the British contingent, to be paid by the United Kingdom, or “other elements”, to be paid by UNFICYP.
The material in question emanates from a secessionist entity proclaimed as illegal by Security Council resolutions 541 (1983) and 550 (1984) as well as by subsequent resolutions.
(e) For travel on home leave stopovers for journeys of more than 12 hours should only be maintained if staff members travelling with children under the age of 12 chose to have their tickets provided by the organization.
A wide array of national and international organizations, including many non-governmental organizations (NGOs), have put the fight against poverty at the centre of their own strategies and partnerships.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Each member of the Consortium, or other collaborating organizations, is expected to interact with other partners in the Consortium to implement the project.
Item 74. Oral report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations Angola Verification Mission (UNAVEM II).
15. Assistance for disarmament and demobilization —
2. Decisions of the Conference of the Parties on matters of procedure shall be taken by a majority vote of the Parties present and voting.
The political and military situation is often unstable, and lack of infrastructure and communications may also have an adverse effect on efforts to secure property.
The new subprogramme seeks to strengthen regional economic cooperation in the promotion of trade, investment and technology linkages, and the acceleration of industrial development.
Racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerances
4. First, a point has been made, at consultations of the President of the Trade and Development Board and at official meetings, to draw the attention of delegations to the decisions of the Committee on Conferences and the Trade and Development Board, as well as to the importance of the efficient use of resources.
2. Decides that priorities shall continue to be established in the medium-term plan, which is the principal policy directive of the United Nations, and shall guide the allocation of resources in subsequent programme budgets through the mechanisms provided for in General Assembly resolution 41/213;
Section 27A: Administration, Office of the Under-Secretary-General for Management
objectives.Ministry of Housing, Spatial Planning and the Environment, "Company environmental management as a basis for a different relationship between companies and governmental authorities", 1995, The Hague, Netherlands.
This assistance might include secondment or lending of staff, conducting lectures, sharing training materials and developing methodologies and work programmes.
This increase of $91 million reflects an increase of $34 million for regular budget assessments, $55 million for peacekeeping assessments and $2 million for the tribunals.
d Various guidelines and policy documents have been developed by the community of non-governmental organizations on the landmine issue.
3. The group suggests the following approach:
The Mission’s requirements for medical supplies were largely met through medical services provided under the letter-of-assist arrangements (see para. 60 above).
Only 5 per cent of the cases filed with courts by legal Arab house owners had been successful since 1967.
The Board recommends that the Administration should always arrange the Cashier's functions to facilitate the operation of sound internal check.
(b) The international legal foundation for the promotion of greater order and equity in the oceans has been laid, notably through the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea;
A joint situation analysis of where a country stands on conference follow-up may be carried out together with the Government.
Economic performance in Kyrgyzstan was even more robust, posting a GDP growth of about 10 per cent in 1997.
25. The Committee also welcomed the important work carried out by the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) in providing relief and social services to Palestinian refugees in the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
8. Operative paragraph 3 was adopted by a recorded vote of 144 to none.
This new organ, under the authority of the Director-General of the Haitian National Police, allegedly conducts itself in a corporatist manner reminiscent of the troops of the former Haitian armed forces.
In addition, UNDCP has developed model legislation to promote more uniform implementation of the international drug control treaties and to facilitate international cooperation.
They were reportedly prohibited from bathing for one month and were forced to cry and make admissions of guilt.
UNCTAD is contributing to facilitating the efforts of developing countries in this respect through the establishment of its Global Trade Point Network (GTPNet), which includes the Electronic Trading Opportunities (ETOs) system.
2. The General Assembly, by its resolution 52/8 of 31 October 1997, appropriated $155,000,000 gross ($150,371,600 net) for the operation of MONUA for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998, to be assessed among Member States in accordance with the scheme set out in the resolution.
(a) Implementation of and follow-up to major consensus agreements on development
The Committee suggests that Panama consider becoming a party to International Labour Organization Convention No. 138 concerning the minimum age for admission to employment and review all relevant standards.
The most prominent and recent of these initiatives are the OAU Mechanism for Conflict Prevention, Management and Resolution and the Cairo Agenda for Action: Relaunching Africa’s Socio-economic Development.
An account of the Committee’s consideration of the item is contained in the relevant summary records (A/C.2/53/SR.28 and 42).
21. It therefore appears essential to make plans in good time for educating the public and for ascertaining the obligations of States in international law with regard to the effects of radiation resulting from the use of energy produced by nuclear fission.
Financing of the United Nations Mission of Observers in Tajikistan
77. Regarding the first constraint, many enterprises appear able to disclose such data, but the analyst or would-be user needs to pay careful attention to the precise details of the accounting policy adopted by the reporting entity vis-à-vis the definition and disclosure of environmental operating and capital costs.
The Board estimated that the impact of the additional overhead charges of payment for leave resulted in additional payment of some $507,539 during the six-month period of the first amendment alone.
7. Commends the Governments concerned for their sacrifices in providing assistance and protection to refugees, returnees and internally displaced persons and for their efforts to promote voluntary repatriation in safety and with dignity and other durable solutions;
21. Urges the Government of Cambodia to take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against women, including in the political and public life of the country, to combat violence against women in all its forms and to take all steps to meet its obligations as a party to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, Resolution 34/180, annex. including by seeking technical assistance;
(r) Conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels
An account of the Committee’s consideration of the sub-item is contained in the relevant summary records (A/C.2/53/SR.35 and 42).
29.3 Several in-depth evaluations were carried out for the Department of Public Information (DPI), peacekeeping operations: termination phase, statistics, and the Department of Humanitarian Affairs (DHA).
The staffing of vacancies will enhance efficiency in financial operations and contribute to facilitating the necessary “re-engineering” of some of its processes.
The Commission’s mandate was to consider whether, and to what extent, the alleged violations existed or had existed and to make any recommendations it deemed appropriate.
Despite the fact that there are no quick solutions to the small arms problem, the United States, in cooperation with others in the international community, has embarked in earnest on a search for solutions at all levels.
6. These issues are multi-faceted and call for a holistic approach that goes beyond individual sectors to include their interactions and interlinkages.
In Hungary, efforts are under way to create an Entrepreneurship Development Council on which representatives from ministries, chambers of commerce, business associations and individual experts will serve with a view to advising the Government on creating enabling commercial and legal frameworks for SME development.
Any other matters relating to implementation of the Convention may be considered by the COP under this sub-item.
When employers deny workers their compensation, the latter resort to the judicial system, an extremely lengthy and costly process the outcome of which is rarely in favour of the workers involved.
Minimum operational standards were introduced with the aim of ensuring programme effectiveness and safety of humanitarian personnel in Operation Lifeline Sudan areas.
17. The Constitution of Portugal recognizes the status of the cooperative sector as equal to that of the public and private sectors.
Three Palestinian workers with valid permits were killed by Israeli soldiers at a checkpoint near the city of Hebron on 10 March 1998.
At 30 June 1998, the number of Palestine refugees registered with UNRWA in Lebanon stood at 364,551, an increase of 1.5 per cent over the 30 June 1997 figure of 359,005.
ITC, in liaison with United Nations Headquarters, should review the accounting treatment of deferred charges and deferred income to ensure that it is consistent with best accounting practice (para. 13).
It is recommended that this report be read in conjunction with the report of the Secretary-General on environment and human settlements (A/53/463) containing, in its annex, the report of the United Nations Task Force on Environment and Human Settlements, which is also currently before the Assembly at its fifty-third session.
The presentation is prepared to the benefit of permanent representatives, peacekeeping experts and military advisers, as well as Secretariat staff.
(d) Some agenda items could be included only to be taken note of, on the basis of information documents;
Introduction of draft proposal A/C.3/52/L.14 and Corr.1
Chairperson of the Foreign Relations Committee of Parliament
(c) Loans from United States financial institutions.
Apart from changes in the value arising from translation of currencies, all investments are stated at cost.
Organization of the work of the session.
The SBSTA may take note of the above reports and the progress made in the areas of technology development and the transfer of technologies during the past year, and in conjunction with the SBI, develop a recommendation for a draft decision by the COP on these matters (see FCCC/SBI/1997/17, paras. 31-33).
The Committee expressed concern that, without such indicators in the programme narrative, eventual evaluation could not fully determine the relevance, efficiency, effectiveness and impact of the programme.
The Vice-Chairman also referred to the documentation before the seventh session, as described in documents FCCC/SBI/1997/17 and Add.1.
In some instances, reluctance to ratify seemed to be based on misconceptions which could easily be dispelled if the right type of assistance were available.
6. The Fifth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
Stressing the importance of creating an economic, political, social, cultural and legal environment that will enable people to achieve social development at the national and international levels,
CNES and NASDA are collaborating to equip the Adeos 2 satellite with an Argos instrument that has new functions making it possible for users to conduct a dialogue with their beacons.
Thus, there shall be two officers from each of the following regional groups: Africa; Asia and the Pacific; Eastern Europe; Latin America and the Caribbean; and Western Europe and Other States (five from the current bureaux of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space and five to be selected).
The Supreme Council welcomed the efforts made by Mr. Kofi Annan, Secretary-General of the United Nations, with a view to arranging negotiations between the United Arab Emirates and the Islamic Republic of Iran in order to settle their dispute over the three islands.
13. The remuneration of staff in the Professional category and above of the organizations of the United Nations common system is based on the Noblemaire principle.
We are firmly determined to increase cooperation with the States of the African continent in the most diverse areas, from politics to economics and culture.
32. The adult years are a time for launching career and family and, when feasible, for engaging in continuing self-development and civic activities.
page 4 was an assessment of enterprise-level partnerships and collaboration in three countries: Ghana, Uganda and Zimbabwe.
The dialogues should focus in particular on lessons learned from national-level conference follow-up.
The Supreme Council reaffirmed its steadfast endorsement of the continued independence, territorial integrity and regional security of Iraq.
Experience with the review of first national communications
11. Many delegations noted the continuing importance of basic peacekeeping principles, including respect for sovereignty, non-intervention in internal affairs, consent, impartiality and the need for a coordinated approach to crises.
The change, already being reflected in other United Nations bodies, was necessary to ensure democracy and transparency in the Committee’s work.
Several developing countries, in particular in Asia and Latin America, are nevertheless adopting a proactive approach to EMS standards.
(a) At the end of the second sentence of paragraph 26.1, add and 52/70 of 10 December 1997.
[MULTILATERAL TREATIES DEPOSITED WITH THE SECRETARY-GENERAL]
199. UNCITRAL – Working Group on Insolvency Law, twenty-third session [General Assembly resolution
43. The United Nations reforms, announced in 1997 by the Secretary-General, provide a framework for collaborative action by the different organs and bodies of the United Nations system, including the Bretton Woods institutions, which can support and encourage country-by-country efforts geared towards the goals of accelerating poverty reduction and the eradication of the worst aspects of poverty during the next two decades.
The Indian strategy for fighting disabilities resulting from membership of a particular caste has evolved over a long period of time and enjoys universal backing politically and institutionally.
Report of the Committee against Torture
Strategies were needed to ensure that the results of joint research and development projects would be retained in developing countries.
The capital letters used shall be those shown in 6.1.2.6.
Discussions have been ongoing regarding the need to develop minimum operational security standards and criteria that could lead to the temporary suspension of United Nations operations because of security constraints.
The Committee had before it a conference room paper containing a note to the Committee in which the Secretary-General had conveyed his proposals regarding measures in the context of the reorientation of United Nations activities, as well as a conference room paper containing the report of the Task Force.
44. No provision is made under this heading.
2. The Committee wishes to consider the information, in the presence of a representative of the State party, at its fifty-fourth session (1—19 March 1999) and would therefore appreciate receipt of this information by 15 January 1999.
4. In 1995, the Committee embarked upon a new programme for reviewing sources of exposure to ionizing radiation and its biological effects.
upgrade, with the financial support of the host Government, the four year old computer and telecommunications system;
Insert and cooperation after partnership
This would serve not only their own interests but those of humanity as a whole.
At the 11th plenary meeting of the COP1 on 9 October, the President opened the Plenary item "Dialogue on Building Partnerships for the Convention to Combat Desertification".
Rapporteur: Mr. Fayssal Mekdad (Syrian Arab Republic)
The suggestion was also made that a new paragraph should be added to the article, modelled on article 6, paragraph 3 of the same Convention (ibid.).
56. In accordance with UNDCP’s positive conditionality policy, drug control action plans for Kandahar and Nangarhar province (the pilot areas for drug control) were prepared and endorsed by the Taliban authorities in those areas.
14. A report on the Committee's fifty-fifth to fifty-seventh sessions was submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-first session (A/51/40) and a report on its fifty-eighth to sixtieth sessions will be submitted to the General Assembly following the Committee's sixtieth session in July 1997.
In its judgement rendered on 2 September 1998, it found Jean-Paul Akayesu guilty on nine counts: genocide, direct and public incitement to commit genocide, and crimes against humanity (extermination, murder, torture, rape, and other inhumane acts).
Statement by the Under-Secretary for Economic and Social Affairs
On the basis of this report, the governments individually and the COP would take actions related to the future work of the GM.
71. The Group decided that the expressions “not exceeding the value of the ship” should be included within square brackets.
16. The definition of an asset indicates that where a cost incurred by an enterprise will result in future economic benefits, it would be capitalized and charged to income over the period in which those benefits are expected to be realized.
“(k) Working paper submitted by the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon (A/CN.10/1997/WG.I/WP.10);
Reaffirming their commitment to the purposes and principles of the United Nations and the Commonwealth of Independent States, as well as the provisions of treaties and agreements governing relations among them,
2. The General Assembly, by its resolution 35/2 of 13 October 1980, had invited the Asian-African Legal Consultative Committee (AALCC) to participate in its sessions and its work in the capacity of an observer.
At 1850 hours an Israeli helicopter fired an air-to-surface missile at a Lebanese Army M-113 troop carrier in Mayfadun centre.
On that basis, the Special Committee understands that, should any additional provisions be required over and above those included in the proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998–1999, proposals for supplementary requirements would be made to the General Assembly for its approval.
In 1996, UNDCP provided support to Governments and non-governmental organizations in the development and implementation of preventive education strategies and programmes.
6.25 During the biennium, the following outputs would be delivered:
Unaccompanied shipment as advance removal of personal effects and household goods
North Atlantic Treaty Organization (received)
Anyone failing to register is promised a fine of three to five times the minimum wage with 50 times the minimum wage for repeat offenders plus expulsion from Moscow, either at their own expense or at the expense of Moscow Police Headquarters.
To date, no losses have been reported in either location, and yet the premium level has not been revised, nor have the conditions and coverage afforded by the contract been altered.
A particular challenge remains the complexity of United Nations system procedures.
One expert, reporting on a recent meeting on positive measures, pointed out that for host countries which voluntarily participate in joint implementation schemes, the value of the projects that transfer energy-efficient technologies may be greater than projects promoting carbon sequestration.
18. Takes note of the proposals contained in the report of the Secretary-General’s Task Force on the Reorientation of United Nations Public Information Activities8 concerning United Nations information centres, including the proposal for the organizing of a United Nations information centres network and the establishment of regional hubs, and notes that these proposals are being considered by the Department of Public Information;
The IMF has been heavily involved in supporting several land-locked countries by providing to their financial institutions technical assistance, enhanced structural adjustment facilities, stand-by arrangements, compensatory and contingency financing facilities, and training assistance.
Besides a number of traditional Trust Funds, IFAD has also initiated and launched a number of strategic coalitions with various partners with the aim of mobilizing additional resources, focusing on specific development priorities.
The Parties listed in Annex I to the Convention shall further cooperate to ensure that their total aggregate [annual average] net emissions of greenhouse gases for the second period from [20 _ to 20_ ] is [ _ ] per cent lower than their total aggregate emissions of greenhouse gases for [19_ ] [the period from 19_ to 19_ ].
Some delegations supporting the abolition of the Council indicated that this would not preclude consideration of the need to create another body to deal with issues related to the global commons or to the environment, but this was a separate matter to be considered on its own merits in an appropriate forum.
Actual and pro forma expenditures amounted to $283,976,700 gross ($269,677,000 net).
8. The Secretary of the Committee made a statement on the financial implications of operative paragraph 5 of the draft resolution (see A/C.6/53/SR.32).
19 United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 1063, p.265.
I should be grateful if you would have the text of the present letter distributed as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda items 36, 37 and 87, and of the Security Council.
1. At its 4th plenary meeting, on 19 September 1997, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-second session the item entitled "Joint Inspection Unit" and to allocate it to the Fifth Committee.
A number of countries in Asia already have health insurance programmes in operation.
Option 1: Application of rotational arrangements to all or some of new permanent seats;2
Replacement of worn/damaged equipment and enhancement of infrastructure for the transition to MONUA
Recalling General Assembly resolution 52/73 of 10 December 1997 on the implementation of the Declaration by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations,
However, the current critical economic situation has placed several constraints on the basic social services in the country.
3. The following States members of the Committee were represented at the second part of the thirty-eighth session: Argentina Austria Bahamas
Governments agreed to this at the organizational session of the Preparatory Committee for the special session.
(b) The continuing and substantiated reports of human rights violations against women and girls, including all forms of discrimination against them, notably in areas under the control of the Taliban;
The working group, UNHCR, the SADC secretariat and a consultant met in May and June 1998 to draft an initial declaration on refugees.
Presentation by Mr. Joinet, in his capacity as Special Rapporteur on amnesty, of a final report entitled “Study on amnesty laws and their role in the safeguard and promotion of human rights” (E/CN.4/Sub.2/1985/16/Rev.1).
Subsequently, the Chairman of the SBSTA, with the concurrence of that body, has decided that the three NGO constituencies mentioned in paragraph 5 above can have a seat with a nameplate, on the floor of that body, and has allowed interventions on specific point of its agenda.
3. To encourage the European Parliament to contribute, along with the United Nations Security Council, to the efforts to bring the peace process to a successful conclusion, including the resettlement of the Saharans under the supervision of international agencies and organizations;
The Board recommends that clarification be sought from the Office of Legal Affairs before implementation.
14. The Iranian media are clearly continuing to have a difficult time.
To consider ways and means of improving the coordination of the United Nations drug-control-related activities (section VI, paragraph 4)
Continuation and conclusion of general discussion
“3. Stresses the need for the effective participation of actors of civil society, particularly non-governmental organizations, in preparation for the special session, as well as the need to ensure appropriate arrangements, in accordance to the practice and experience gained at the International Conference on Population and Development, for their substantive contributions to and active involvement in the preparatory meetings and the special session, and invites the President of the General Assembly, in consultation with Member States, to propose to Member States appropriate modalities for their effective involvement in the special session;
Rule 12 (Rights of representatives pending confirmation)
Yet, few countries have substantial land reform programmes.
455. Undersea communication has undergone remarkable technological advances in recent years.
The institution served its purpose, and eventually developed into other institutions suited to meet evolving requirements.
(a) To increase understanding of the economic and social development situation in the region, to highlight trends and emerging problems and to draw the attention of policy makers to priority concerns;
The rule also provides that the Committee is not precluded from examining a communication if it is established that the application of the remedies in question is unreasonably prolonged.
Another secondary school established with a project contribution opened in September 1997 at Ein el-Hilweh camp, complementing the existing Agency secondary school at Burj el-Barajneh camp.
51. In the north-west the frequency of clan clashes has been reduced.
Elections to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other elections: election of seven members of the Committee for Pro-gramme and Coordination: note by the Secretary-General (A/52/440/Add.1) [16 (b)]
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith the documents of the Twelfth Conference of Heads of State or Government of Non-Aligned Countries, held at Durban, South Africa, from 29 August to 3 September 1998 (see annexes).The annexes are being issued in the languages of submission only.
As of January 1998, the total number of staff involved in humanitarian activities in UNFICYP is as follows: at UNFICYP headquarters, 3 military officers and 2 civilian police officers, 2 non-commissioned officers (NCOs) 2 clerks and 1 local secretary and, in the contingents, 2 officers and 1 NCO in Sector 1, 2 officers and 4 NCOs in Sector 2, 2 officers and 2 NCOs in Sector 4 and one NCO stationed at Camp Command.
The representative of Armenia moved on a point of order, under rule 74 of the rules of procedure, that no action be taken with respect to the amendment (A/52/L.39).
It was observed that the prevalence of earmarked voluntary contributions in funding the Programme activities was the source of additional difficulties.
Two Parties (CAN, NOR) projected a decrease in SF6 emissions for 2000, mainly as a consequence of improved production practices in the magnesium industry, while the other seven projected an increase.
According to the witnesses, about 10 Israeli soldiers posing as Arabs had jumped out of a car at a petrol station in the Hebron area village, beaten and shackled a Palestinian man tending the pumps and quickly spirited him away.
Under its early—warning and urgent procedures, the Committee adopted three decisions and one resolution at its forty-ninth session.
In addition, provision is made for the rental of residential premises in the regional and provincial areas at an average total cost of $45,000 per month ($540,000).
B. Guarantees of non—recurrence of violations
(i) Cash and term deposits comprise funds on deposit in interest-bearing bank accounts, certificates of deposit and call accounts;
Agencies with country-level presence are becoming increasingly active in thematic groups and aid coordination arrangements of the resident coordinator system, and report that these mechanisms are good vehicles for their involvement in system-wide concerns.
Letter dated 8 April 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Qatar to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the final communiqué of the twenty-fifth session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers, held at Doha from 15 to 17 March 1998 (A/53/95–S/1998/311)
124. The policy pursued by the Israeli authorities that limits the number of workers from the occupied territories who are allowed to work in Israel is seen as one of the principal factors for the bad economic situation in the occupied Palestinian territories, in particular in the Gaza Strip.
An examination of the growth rates by district revealed that the highest increase occurred in the Nablus area (11.2 per cent).
The borrowers have few assets that can be offered as collateral, transaction costs are high and often repayment obligations cannot be enforced due to political constraints or lack of incentive on the part of bank officials.
Recalling its resolutions 45/58 P of 4 December 1990, 46/36 I of 6 December 1991, 47/52 J of 9 December 1992, 48/75 I of 16 December 1993, 49/75 N of 15 December 1994, 50/70 K of 12 December 1995, 51/45 K of 10 December 1996 and 52/38 P of 9 December 1997 on regional disarmament,
(a) Appropriate [assistance], [support] and [encouragement]; and
16. Information regarding the United Nations Diplomatic Conference of Plenipotentiaries on the Establishment of an International Criminal Court, held at Rome, Italy, from 15 June to 17 July 1998, was posted on the Internet at the site of the International Criminal Court (http://www.un.org/icc/), established by the Department of Public Information in collaboration with the Codification Division.
2. Requests the administering Power, bearing in mind the views of the people of the Territory ascertained through a democratic process, to keep the Secretary-General informed of the wishes and aspirations of the people regarding their future political status;
I should be grateful if you would have the text of the present letter circulated as a document of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly under agenda item 37.
5. Emphasizes the importance of providing to the countries members of the Standing Advisory Committee the essential support they need to carry out the full programme of activities which they adopted at the ninth and tenth ministerial meetings, in particular the organization of joint military exercises to simulate peacekeeping operations;
158. The new managerial structure in Vienna presents an opportunity to maximize the resource base of the programme, first, by fostering synergies between the crime and drug programmes, and second, by ensuring that the resources of the programme are entirely devoted to the execution of the mandated work and that those in charge of the programme are sufficiently empowered to authorize expenditures from the programme’s appropriation.
- Logistics (computer, car services, etc.) = $ 2 000
The meeting was hosted by the Government of Viet Nam and co-sponsored by the Governments of Norway and the Netherlands with the participation of interested Governments, non-governmental organizations and multilateral development organizations to review and assess progress in implementing the 20/20 Initiative, as described in the Programme of Action of the World Summit for Social Development in Copenhagen and reconfirmed by the Fourth World Conference on Women in Beijing.
2. A list of States parties to the Convention is contained in annex I to the present report.
Work with peasant groups in the Artibonite was being wound down and a report prepared.
156. During 1998-1999, it is estimated that the Unit, in addition to its regular tasks will, inter alia, complete the current programme for the recruitment, training and deployment of a field Aviation Safety Officer, complete the manuals and guidelines, complete the carrier and air operators’ performance evaluation programme for all the short- and long-term charter agreements, complete approved vendors’ safety evaluation by conducting visits to the companies’ infrastructure and operations facilities, complete safety inspections to all missions operating aircraft and expanded safety cooperation with other United Nations agencies/offices.
The cost estimate provides for: (a) travel and subsistence allowances for two internal auditors for a 28-day duration ($25,400); (b) two round-trips for one person from New York to Angola for a six-day stay per trip for political consultations ($8,300); (c) two round-trips for two persons from Angola to New York for a six-day stay per trip for political consultations ($19,000); (d) two round-trips for one person from New York to Luanda for a six-day stay per trip for administrative consultations ($8,300); (e) two round-trips for one person from Angola to New York for a five-day stay per trip for administrative consultations ($9,000); (f) two round-trips for one person from New York to Angola for a 10-day stay for technical assistance on finance and related matters ($7,000); (g) one round-trip for one aviation specialist and one safety specialist from Headquarters for a five-day stay to assess the Observer Mission’s aviation programmes ($6,900); (h) one round-trip for an aviation specialist from MONUA to participate in a training course organized by the International Civil Aviation Organization ($4,500); (i) one round-trip for one Medical Officer from Headquarters to Luanda for a five-day stay for an inspection of medical facilities and related consultations ($4,000); and (j) three round-trips from Headquarters to Angola by a total of five persons for varying periods of time for the installation and training of MONUA staff on the Field Assets Control System ($33,600).
Several speakers stated that integration was not effectively serving the greater interest of the United Nations and its public information responsibilities, and one asked for a review of the integration exercise, taking into account experience in the field.
5. The Commission considers that the work of the UNCTAD secretariat in the areas identified under item 4 of the agenda of its first session (namely customs, transport, banking and insurance, business practices/trade facilitation, business information, telecommunications; transit, human resources development, legal issues) should be pursued in an integrated fashion, so as to maximize the synergies and economies of scale which may be identified between these areas.
72. Possibly because of the relative novelty of environmental performance measurement, it appears that there is no one single accepted way of defining or measuring environmental performance.
14.8 While overall objectives for technical cooperation were achieved, UNDCP suffered from lower expenditure for operational projects, mainly attributable to low delivery of agency and government executed projects.
At mid-1998, three schools, six classrooms and three toilet blocks were under construction.
Day 4: Bureau prepares the draft report;
The projects are located in Africa, Asia and Latin America.
4. Section III of the present report contains the status of participation of States, as at 30 June 1998, in the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations of 1961,1 the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations of 19632 and the respective optional protocols thereto, as well as the 1973 Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.3
11. Complaint by Iraq concerning incidents on its frontier with Iran (S/11216).
6. On 3 April 1995, the WTO General Council requested its secretariat to negotiate with the United Nations Secretariat for revised budgetary arrangements with regard to ITC.
14. At its 42nd meeting, on 1 December, on the proposal of the Chairman, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that it take note of chapters I to V, VIII (sects. A-C and E-H) and X of the report of the Economic and Social Council1 and of the report of the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund on the United Nations Population Award (A/53/406, annex) (see para. 19, draft decision I).
The Vice-Chairman, on behalf of the Chairman, after thanking all participants for their cooperation throughout the meeting, declared the fifth session of the SBI closed.
The strengthening of democratic institutions is assisted through various projects, specifically in the areas of judicial reform (creation of public defender systems in El Salvador and Guatemala) public security, offices of the human rights ombudsmen, fiscal reform and the process of decentralization.
Expected results have been included to indicate the desired outcome involving benefits to end-users, to be reached through the delivery of outputs and leading to the fulfilment of the objective.
UNFPA pointed out that premises were not usually built to suit United Nations standards.
Democracy is based on a constitutional limitation of the powers of the legislator, the Government and the judiciary.
They will also provide legal advice, as required, to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
IAEA is of the view that the Committee has fulfilled in an exemplary manner the functions and role assigned to it by the General Assembly in resolution 913 (X) of 3 December 1955 and that the Committee’s functions and role, which are of major importance to IAEA, continue to be appropriate.
To fulfil these goals the Division promotes international dialogue among development actors for the purpose of assessing the challenges and opportunities for international investment, technology capacity-building and enterprise development arising from new economic conditions, including those related to the conclusions of the Uruguay Round.
135. Usually the ships, many of them converted fishing vessels, that are used for illegally transporting migrants are not seaworthy, dangerously overcrowded and otherwise unsafe.
23. In 1997, activity within the Paris Club moderated, with the conclusion of fewer debt restructuring agreements as compared with earlier years: seven countries in 1997 against 15 in 1996 and 18 in 1995.
The Committee suggests that the State party seek assistance from, among others, the United Nations Children's Fund, in this regard.
7. The text of the new programme would read as follows.
Several dozen Palestinians quickly joined the Council members who announced that their presence there was a meeting of the parliament, the first such meeting in Jerusalem.
As indicated in paragraph 4 of annex II.B, the savings were due not only to lower than estimated average troop strength, but also to tighter management control over rations procurement, distribution and consumption in the mission area. The Advisory Committee welcomes this and trusts that other missions will apply such measures.
7. Also requests the Secretary-General, in order to reduce the cost of employing General Service staff, to continue efforts to employ locally recruited staff for the Observer Mission against General Service posts, commensurate with the operational requirements of such posts;
52. Although the World Bank has no democratization programmes as such, it contributes to the strengthening of democratic institutions in new and restored democracies through its contributions to public sector reform, decentralization, legal framework and judicial reform, and through the increased use of participatory mechanisms in the sector-specific projects it finances.
In relation to this, it concluded that adjustments are to be regarded as important information in relation to the monitoring of emission trends and the performance of policies and measures, and should be reported separately (FCCC/SBSTA/1997/4).
The Committee continued its general discussion of Part VIII of this agenda item and heard statements by the representatives of Belgium (on behalf of the European Union and also on behalf of Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia and Norway), Japan, Kenya, the United States, Pakistan, Mali, the Republic of Korea, Egypt, China, Thailand, the Syrian Arab Republic and Portugal.
(d) Supporting the formulation of national policies promoting private-sector development, including small and medium-sized enterprises and privatization issues;
B. Membership of the Investments Committee The Secretary-General, in accordance with article 20 of the Regulations of the Fund, conveyed to the Board the names of three members of the Investments Committee, Messrs. Y. Oltramare, E. N. Omaboe and J. Reimnitz, whom he intended to propose to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session, after consultation with the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions.
138. United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board, forty-eighth session [General Assembly resolutions 248 (III) and 46/220]
Shortly after the boy was laid to rest, scores of Palestinian youths threw stones and bottles at IDF troops who responded with tear-gas and rubber bullets, injuring some seven Palestinians.
The activities of this office continue to provide vital assistance to correspondents permanently accredited at Headquarters; accreditations numbered 2,352 in 1997, while 3,940 additional temporary media accreditations were issued at Headquarters to media representatives attending specific events or using media services of the Department of Public Information.
Resources were thus available for major debt reduction operations.
(c) Appointment of a member of the Board of Auditors;
17. The quest for methods to generate nuclear power using processes other than fission is proceeding in incremental steps.
No provision is made under this heading.
The Resident Coordinator will keep the Representative of the Secretary-General fully informed about relevant activities or initiatives of the United Nations, and will provide continuity once the mandate of the Office has ended.
19. At the 59th meeting, on 27 March, the Chairman orally proposed a draft decision entitled "Implementation of resolution 52/214 B, paragraphs 24 and 25", following informal consultations, which the Committee adopted without a vote (see para. 20, draft decision IV).
The custody agreement between the Fund and its custodians requires the custodians to maintain insurance coverage at all times on assets in their custody or under their control against losses arising out of employee dishonesty, on-premises and in-transit loss of assets, and forgery or alteration, including forgery of securities and counterfeit currency.
16.6 Operational activities in various fields supplemented the efforts of member States to upgrade their national capabilities.
The signing of the General Agreement and the subsequent convening of the Commission on National Reconciliation launched a period of transition during which the refugees are to return; the UTO fighters are to be demobilized or reintegrated into the governmental structures; the armed forces, police and security apparatus are to be formed; and the democratic processes in the country are to be improved, leading to elections and the formation of a new Government.
The damage inflicted on drainage and irrigation systems by the floods will continue to affect thousands of livelihoods for some time to come.
The Meeting dealt primarily with the draft budget of the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea for 1999 and supplementary budget for 1996–1997 (SPLOS/WP.8), the rules of procedure of the Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/2/Rev.3 and Add.1), in particular rule 53 on decisions on questions of substance, and the role of the Meeting of States Parties in reviewing ocean and law of the sea issues.
The Executive Secretary of the Permanent Secretariat of the Convention on Desertification responded to a question raised.
Each project for delegation includes guidelines for application of the staff rule or process concerned and will be monitored by the Office of Human Resources Management as part of the delegation of authority.
The Committee decided that whenever serious cases brought before it were of relevance to any other treaty body or human rights mechanism established by the Commission on Human Rights, they would be brought to the attention of those bodies.
Many developing countries are engaged in far-reaching political and economic reforms, and are asking for United Nations system support to that end.
At 1440 hours on 22 December 1998 Israeli military aircraft fired missiles on the area around the village of Janta, to the east of Baalbek, targeting the house of Lebanese national Muhammad Uthman.
It strongly supported UNCTAD’s role in the area of competition law and policy and its provision of technical assistance.
Experience had also shown that these conditions could change significantly in a relatively short period of time within a duty station.
(b) Requests for technical assistance 20
It was stressed, however, that the deadlock in the Conference was due to a crisis in confidence or lack of trust.
4. Reduction of military budgets: report of the First Committee (A/52/594) [65].
Never before has there been greater consensus on the need to focus on investing in children.
Welcoming the ministerial communiqué on market access: developments since the Uruguay Round, implications, opportunities and challenges, in particular for the developing countries and the least developed among them, in the context of globalization and liberalization, adopted by the Economic and Social Council on 8 July 1998, See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/53/3), chap. IV, para. 5.
The most complex processes now being experienced by developed societies, including new forms of racism, are a direct consequence of deregulated economic activities at the international level and of an inequitable and "wild" process of globalization.
It is only a matter of time, and it will not drag on for too long.
Kingdoms, States and communities in Africa were arbitrarily divided; unrelated areas and peoples were just as arbitrarily joined together.
40. Priority is also being given to establishing means to achieve greater mobility of staff across functions, departments, duty stations and organizations of the United Nation system, bearing in mind that the needs of the Organization must be the paramount consideration.
He added that in an effort to connect the countries of South Asia with those of ASEAN, an economic bloc (BIMSTEC) had recently been created, involving India, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and two South-East Asian countries, namely Thailand and Myanmar.
16. In the United Kingdom, the Government has provided a solid legislative framework for cooperatives since 1893.
3. The following intergovernmental organizations were represented at the session:
CPC Committee for Programme and Coordination
18. Support account for peacekeeping operations
She underlined the commitment of the Mexican Government to continue to design policies aimed at granting women and girls equal treatment and opportunities.
In the telecommunications sector, installed digital telephone exchanges and optical fibre transmission systems covering 980,000 lines were completed and the related local distribution network is nearing completion.
Notes verbales are being prepared to the Permanent Missions of the host Governments of the countries of the former Yugoslavia containing special tabulations of outstanding amounts claimed from them by the Organization for charges levied on UNPF in violation of the status-of-forces agreements.
strengthen the internal capacity of the Secretariat to collect and process information on its partner institutions and individuals, through the development of internal databases;
22. It is understood that the use of plastic baton rounds is not free from risk — no method for controlling public order situations is safe — but there are strict rules governing the use of plastic baton rounds which are intended to minimize the possibility of injury and ensure that the law is respected.
Provision by Annex II Parties of data tables requested on multilateral and bilateral financial contributions
128. The UNU/IAS Environment and Multilateral Diplomacy project addresses sustainable development issues from the perspective of the collective responsibility of States.
The Committee further suggests that a comprehensive and multidisciplinary study be undertaken to understand the scope of the phenomenon of adolescent health problems, such as early pregnancies and suicide.
They reached the conclusion that performance contracting was an important and useful tool in improving public enterprise performance, regardless of whether the sector was scheduled for privatization.
Biennial programme of work of the Fifth Committee for 1999–2000
The proposals for demining vehicles and engineering personnel envisioned in earlier reports of the Secretary-General to the Security Council and most recently in paragraph 19 of his report of 25 April 1997 (S/1997/340) are still pending.
5. As proposed in recommendations 3 and 4, UNESCO has supported initiatives in community radio for rural development (in Gambia and Ghana), and especially for the empowerment of women (India, Cape Verde, Trinidad and Tobago and Suriname).
Some ACC member organizations are of the opinion that the most effective and appropriate way of disseminating good practices in oversight, as in other areas of system-wide concern, is by the continued use of the ACC sub-machinery.
To what extent can their approach provide lessons for other countries?
8. Letter dated 3 December 1971 from the Permanent Representatives of Algeria, Iraq, the Libyan Arab Republic and the People’s Democratic Republic of Yemen to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/10409).
(c) A new preambular paragraph would be inserted after the sixth preambular paragraph, reading:
68. The regional commissions have a mandate from the General Assembly to follow up on conference goals.
Hendrik Martinus Oudshoorn (Netherlands)
The GM within UNDP could work closely with these entities to promote resource mobilization for the CCD.
Finland also contributed to the globally operating international humanitarian and relief agencies, as core resources, a total of Fmk 43,000,000, some of which may also have been channelled to Somalia.
37. The 35,000 displaced persons in the province of Makamba are almost exclusively confined to the communes of Vugizo and Nyanza Lac, where the Special Rapporteur visited three sites.
The programme includes regularly scheduled follow-up and ongoing career counselling for participants.
The data collected during the survey can also be used to assist with ongoing resource mobilization requirements.
223. On 31 December, celebrations were held at El-Azhar University in Gaza City to mark the thirty-third anniversary of Fatah’s first “terrorist” attack against Israel on 1 January 1965.
g See IAEA documents GOV/1454 and GOV/1475.
The United Nations has vigorously protested the actions of the Ethiopian Government, and has pointed out that staff members of the Organization are not diplomats and cannot be declared persona non grata and expelled from the country without giving the Organization an opportunity to look into the charges against individual staff members and to decide whether the privileges and immunities of the organization had been involved.
20. Income from staff assessment(1 564 900)
6. Macroeconomic guidance was provided in a country employment policy review carried out in Hungary.
“(d) Renewal of the dialogue on strengthening international economic cooperation for development through partnership;
UNHCR acknowledges, in its document entitled Sexual Violence against Refugees: Guidelines on Prevention and Response,75 the statement by the Special Rapporteur on violence against women that traditional practices, including female genital mutilation, should be construed as a definite form of violence against women.
Report of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on the work of its thirtieth session [148]
- providing training, facilities, methods, materials and finance
32. The correspondence between the acts of a State constituting an international crime and the acts of individuals acting on behalf of the State which together amount to that international crime is far from complete.
Lifetime of activity if different from ending date:c)
In that regard, the formal cooperation agreement between South Africa and Mozambique has resulted in more than 100 tons of small arms and ammunition being destroyed on site in Mozambique.
(b) To respect fully international humanitarian law, to protect civilians, to halt the use of weapons against the civilian population, to stop the laying of landmines, especially anti-personnel mines, to stop forced conscription and the drafting and recruitment of children as soldiers and to ensure their reintegration into society;
Our approach to the CIS should be not merely indulgent but, at the same time, human and pragmatic.
Unliquidated obligations are reflected in column 6.
Provision is made for the acquisition of maps of the demilitarized zone and adjoining areas in line with operational requirements ($3,000).
His exemplary contribution to the cause of refugees will not be forgotten.
24. Invites creditor countries, private banks and multilateral financial institutions, within their prerogatives, to continue the initiatives and efforts to address both the commercial debt problems of the least developed countries and the requests for continued mobilization of resources through the Debt-reduction Facility of the International Development Association in order to help least developed countries reduce their commercial debt;
699. In the spirit of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action of 1993 and in the light of the discussion in the Committee, the Committee recommends that the State party consider the possibility of reviewing the declaration it made on the Convention with a view to its withdrawal.
In spite of these recommendations, to date few reservations to article 2 have been modified or withdrawn by any State party.
219. The signing by the State party of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) Agreement on questions relating to the restoration of the rights of deported persons, national minorities and peoples in 1992 and the CIS Convention on the safeguarding of the rights of members of national minorities in 1994 is noted with interest.
Weaker international commodity prices, aggravated by significantly reduced demand from Asia and elsewhere, are anticipated to weaken economic growth in commodity exporting developing countries.
Proliferation of certification bodies and the impact on the quality of certification
The Committee recognizes that eight years of war with the Islamic Republic of Iran and the conflict following Iraq's invasion of Kuwait caused the destruction of part of the country's infrastructure and considerable human suffering, and produced a very difficult economic and social situation in Iraq.
In the follow-up and implementation phase a significant role can be played by the University, particularly in relation to capacity- building and impact evaluation.
If, on the other hand, the Assembly made the final decision, they would probably not be known until nearly the end of the previous year.
ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON ADMINISTRATIVE AND BUDGETARY QUESTIONS
Letter dated 11 November 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Indonesia to the United Nations, on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China, addressed to the Chairman of the Second Committee (A/53/664)
The Government of Argentina will create four awards to promote scientific studies on ageing and a scholarship programme for individuals and institutions and will establish a documentation centre.
Large investors diversify their asset portfolio in order to optimize their risk/return ratio.
The Board considered that the failure to take action on disposal had resulted in additional cost of storage in respect of such unserviceable items;
4. The Fifth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft decision:
(c) While the Programme had made significant improvements in setting measurable objectives, benchmarks and success criteria for technical cooperation projects, there remained scope for further improvement;
The business community and the civil society must also be involved in designing and effectively implementing “positive measures” for sustainable development, including access to and diffusion of environmentally sound technologies, and the promotion of trade in environmentally friendly products.
Similar efforts are supported in the Philippines, with emphasis on helping families to cope with disabled members and on providing support for capability-building programmes to develop self-reliance and independence.
It is very unfortunate for Mr. Clerides that he is attempting to realize full membership in the European Union in the shadow of the S-300 missiles.
The research and analysis of adequate evaluation methodologies, along with ways of establishing more systematic arrangements to facilitate the sharing of information and good practices with the building of effective institutional memory, are very important aspects that need further attention.
(bis) Process for setting of QELROs and review of QELROs under Article 7(a) (see paragraph 175) for each of the Parties or groups of Parties listed in Annex A:
(iii) Competition law and policy (Intergovernmental Group of Experts on Restrictive Business Practices);1/
They reiterated their support for the dynamic and pragmatically oriented management of the Department and for its innovative approach to its information tasks and expressed appreciation to the entire staff for their dedicated work.
TP9 - A substance under this description shall only be transported in a portable tank under an approval granted by the competent authority.
The Commonwealth is necessary, certainly not as a memorial to the Soviet empire and still less as the bearer of impotent assumptions of brotherhood and friendship, but as a fundamentally new mechanism for cooperation between States in the worldwide community of nations, dealings between which must and can comprise an entire range of general signs without overlooking differences.
(a) The report of the Board of Auditors to the General Assembly on the management review of the secretariat of the International Civil Service Commission in accordance with General Assembly resolution 51/216 of 18 December 1996;
Over 200,000 people were drafted through this recruitment method.
Training of developing country researchers at regional workshops aiming at forging lasting networking arrangements (10 workshops at $12,500 each, including the fees and travel expenses of international experts) (in support of activity (a) under para. 65).
RATIO OF HIGHEST QUINTILE INCOME TO LOWEST QUINTILE INCOME
Subprogramme 16.9 Agriculture and timber
UNRWA has been in contact with the Office of the Canadian Auditor-General and has the opportunity of drawing on its training expertise at a moderate cost.
The Government's view is that such a measure is still justified and thus retain its derogations to article 5 of the European Convention on Human Rights and article 9 of the International Covenant on Civil and political Rights.
Monitoring of the implementation of inter-railway bilateral and subregional agreements should be strengthened in such key areas as payment procedures for equipment hired and services provided in exchange, standardization of railway equipment, maintenance of wagons and arbitration procedures.
1. In its resolution 47/218 B of 14 September 1993, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit a comprehensive report on all issues that affect the successful operation and administration of peacekeeping operations.
“Setting the record straight: some facts about the United Nations”, booklet compiling above-named fact sheets, issued in English in October 1997 and in April
Noting with deep concern that a substantial number of the inhabitants of the Territory continue to live in shelters because of volcanic activity,
(c) Adoption of the report on credentials
20. Should the General Assembly authorize these post requests, it would be the intention of the Secretary-General to advertise externally those positions which require expertise not available in the Secretariat.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of this agenda item.
Contracts on certification of containers
(b) Economic and technical cooperation among developing countries
The AGBM took note of his intention to propose, in his oral report to the Conference of the Parties at its third session (see para. 23 below), that the Chairmen of the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice and the Subsidiary Body for Implementation make a joint proposal to the eighth sessions of those bodies on the allocation to them of preparatory work to enable the first session of the Meeting of the Parties after the entry into force of the protocol to accomplish the tasks assigned to it by the protocol.
Arafat called Oslo, in the same interview, an "inferior peace", and then stated that the lessons of Khudaibiya and those of Salah-a-Din must be learned today.
19. The outlook for 1998 is that Mozambique will continue the trend towards strengthening economic performance.
Source: Caribbean Development Bank, annual economic report for Montserrat, 1992; and Caribbean Development Bank country data: Montserrat, February 1998.
Relevant chapters of the report of the Economic and Social Council on questions that do not fall within the purview of the other items on the agenda of the General Assembly allocated to the Third Committee
48. Decides to appraise the progress on this question on an annual basis and to retain on the agenda of its forthcoming sessions the item entitled “Implementation of the outcome of the Fourth World Conference on Women”.
7. Adoption of the report of the Commission.
This could be the case, for example, if it were deemed that substantial amounts of local corporate assets had been acquired by foreign firms at distress-sale prices owing to a crisis.
II. ANNOTATIONS TO THE PROVISIONAL AGENDA
8. Cooperative by-laws are usually written by the founding members at a cooperative; later they may be amended by the members according to procedures laid down in law or in the by-laws of the cooperative itself.
25. As of 1 June 1997, the Convention on the Rights of the Child had been ratified or acceded to by 190 States.
“In this connection we recall the unanimous conclusion of the International Court of Justice in its 1996 advisory opinion that there exists an obligation to pursue in good faith and bring to a conclusion negotiations leading to nuclear disarmament in all its aspects under strict and effective international control.
ARCVI’s new premises, built with a special contribution, were inaugurated in August 1997 and followed by a week-long UNRWA-Japan Friendship Days festival, which attracted thousands of participants from the local community.
The report also included background information on the request and alluded to the negotiations between the United Nations and the United Kingdom.
(c) Other costs pertaining to military observers 56 400
The conference, being convened by the organization Health, Empowerment, Rights and Accountability, has requested representatives from all regions to provide a regional overview of the implementation of the Programme of Action, specifically focusing on the financing and partnership commitments.
Effective implementation of international instruments on human rights including reporting obligations under international instruments on human rights
In its 1994 report, the Ad Hoc Working Group of Experts stated that in 1993, a large number of magisterial districts had been declared “unrest areas”, thus creating a situation analogous to that under the declaration of an emergency (E/CN.4/1994/15, paras. 44 and 136).
(b) The age structures of families are changing.
The Parties shall endeavour to ensure that all the Caspian States sign the Agreement on the Conservation, Renewal and Rational Utilization of the Biological Resources of the Caspian as soon as possible.
The Board proposes to review its performance in future audits.
These include the further development of missing links in the transit transport infrastructure network, the maintenance of existing facilities, the removal of non-physical barriers such as cumbersome transit procedures and regulations, which still constitute a serious constraint on some of the transit corridors, the strengthening of mechanisms to effectively implement subregional transit agreements, the continued liberalization of transit services and greater involvement of the private sector in transit transport operations.
(c) The strategic framework that should present collective quantitative and qualitative understandings of problems and set the economic and social context for establishing priorities and making choices based on the country’s potential to stand on its own, thereby creating a vision of future prospects;
(c) “Regularize” its situation by replacing its impermissible reservation with a permissible reservation;
(n) Joint working paper on article 7 of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, prepared by Mr. José Bengoa, Mr. Ivan Garvalov, Mr. Mustafa Mehedi and Mrs. Shanti Sadiq Ali (E/CN.4/Sub.2/1998/4).
Factors contributing to this bias are the larger firms’ greater economic and political influence (which is in part a consequence of their larger individual contribution to corporate taxes) and the greater influence they command in umbrella organisations such as chambers of commerce.
Section III analyses trends in resource flows and their composition.
Uzbekistan considers that the tremendous economic and financial resources which are being devoted to the manufacture of weapons of mass destruction would be better used to further the economic and social development of countries in the region.
— Conducting studies and research in order to suggest development options for food security, natural resource management and population management in the Sahel;
13. In the light of the adoption of draft resolution A/C.2/53/L.44, draft resolution A/C.2/53/L.32 was withdrawn by its sponsors.
1 See Report of the Second United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, Vienna, 9–21 August 1982 (A/CONF.101/10 and Corr.1 and 2).
On 1 July 1997, the concept of “one country, two systems” first materialized in Hong Kong, and tremendous success has been achieved ever since.
As noted below, in the case of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, improvements have resulted from the implementation of OIOS recommendations.
Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat charged that Israel’s closure policy caused the Palestinians daily losses of millions of dollars.
Pursuant to its article 19, the International Convention is to enter into force on the thirtieth day following the date of deposit of the twenty-second instrument of ratification or accession with the Secretary-General.
(g) Confinement in an unlighted cell for a long period of time.
While this was generally a cost-effective method of obtaining spare parts, it had sometimes left the mission holding unnecessary stock.
Since its launching in March 1996, some 70 countries have requested UNDP assistance to develop and implement policies for poverty eradication.
Committees SPECIAL POLITICAL AND DECOLONIZATION
UNCTAD was well placed to work with WTO in response to the Singapore Declaration, and concrete cooperation was under way.
Through provincial agriculture and forestry authorities, UNHCR has planted over 4,400,000 trees, covering an area of more than 2,200 hectares in the Kirundo, Muyinga, Kayanza and Ngozi provinces.
* Previously issued as A/AC.247/1998/CRP.18. 4. In tandem with the premium that new permanent members will enjoy as incumbents, this low level of support required will virtually ensure the automatic extension of new permanent members, rendering a periodic review meaningless.
B. Voluntary contributions and trust funds
These were elaborated on during the country visit, and possible topics for future research were identified.
In the course of the session, the Board held seven plenary meetings - the 875th to 881st meetings.
Although the level of imports in most cases is relatively low for processed horticultural products, in some markets (e.g. Republic of Korea, for the import of orange juice, frozen vegetables and canned mushrooms) there has been significant growth in the value of trade over the last 5 years.
The joint activities will be complemented by activities aimed at refining the comparative advantage of UNDCP and bolstering its position as a coordinating centre of expertise and knowledge.
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 90.
A number of other cost items have also been revised downwards.
(b) Analyse ways in which human activities – in particular, forest-management practices – influence biological diversity and assess ways to minimize or mitigate negative influences;
326. The Committee notes with satisfaction the revision of the agrarian reform law giving women the right to inherit land, a reform of particular importance to rural women.
5. Decides that the thirty-third session of the Commission on Population and Development, meeting as the preparatory committee for the special session, shall be open-ended to allow the full participation of all States;
Currently the Republic of China is contributing capital to regional development programmes through institutions such as the Asian Development Bank, the Central American Bank for Economic Integration, the Inter-American Development Bank and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.
The main activities described below are proposed for the biennium 1998-1999 in the five categories under the global programme for policy development and methodology.
Detained at Gikongoro, Rwanda, since 9 January 1995
9. The purpose of the study is to identify practices that lead to economic deprivation or exclusion of ethnic, racial, national and linguistic minorities as well as indigenous populations and migrants.
Article 9 (4) states: 'Anyone who is deprived of his liberty by arrest or detention shall be entitled to take proceedings before a court, in order that the court may decide without delay on the lawfulness of his detention and order his release if the detention is not lawful.'
Typists' rooms 74 U information centres,
The second phase should be launched as a high-impact programme aimed at:
27. Also decides to revise the level of appropriation to the Special Account for the International Criminal Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Genocide and Other Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of Rwanda and Rwandan Citizens Responsible for Genocide and Other Such Violations Committed in the Territory of Neighbouring States between 1 January and 31 December 1994 to 52,297,900 dollars gross (48,043,400 dollars net) for the period from 1 January to 31 December 1998;
The objective of the Symposium was to foster awareness and appreciation in developing countries of the advanced state of the art of information technologies for the improvement of performance in the public sector.
The Meeting of the Parties may take further action, as appropriate, to promote the implementation of the provisions of this subparagraph;
The Committee recalls General Assembly resolution 51/218 E of 17 June 1997, section I, paragraph 4, in which the Assembly reiterated that for missions activated prior to 1 July 1996, countries had the option to accept reimbursement under either the new or the old reimbursement methodology.
The ITC’s recently launched International Competitiveness Programme for SMEs (ICPS) will meet the technical assistance needs of SMEs in developing countries and economies in transition through the Network of National Multiplier Organizations in the private and public sectors.
14. UNCTAD should review the coherence between trade and micro policies and its impact on SMEs.
By allowing for proportional representation of political parties, we shall make the composition of the Majlis a better and a fairer reflection of the political views that enjoy wide support in Kazakhstan.
Office of the Chief Administrative Officer
“NGOs and the United Nations Department of Public Information: some questions and answers”, brochure released in June 1997
I should be grateful if you would kindly circulate the present letter and its annex as a document of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly under agenda items 20, 107 and 112.
Representatives of the cooperative sector participated in the codification of the 1992 law, but are reported to be dissatisfied with the adopted text.
14. Upon the nomination of the representative of Egypt, the Committee elected by acclamation Mr. Abdullahi Abubakar (Nigeria) to serve as a Vice-Chairman and complete an unexpired term of office in the Bureau.
99. Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights - Pre-sessional Working Group [Economic and Social Council resolutions 1982/33, 1985/17 and 1995/39]
The number of Palestinian workers in Israel dropped from an average of 120,000 on a monthly basis in 1992 to an average of about 25,000 in 1996.28
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.
IV. Support mechanisms and services for SMEs
It also recommended that the Assembly consider the possibility of making specific suggestions to intergovernmental bodies on how that reduction could be accomplished.
Annex I DOCUMENTS BEFORE THE AD HOC GROUP ON ARTICLE 13 AT ITS FIFTH SESSION
(c) Consequently, the current update of the study to identify the highest paid national civil service had again shown that the current comparator under the application of the Noblemaire principle was no longer the best.
The Committee recommends that the persons responsible be subjected to appropriate disciplinary or penal sanctions and, further, that the Government strengthen training programmes on human rights for the police and establish permanent mechanisms for ongoing instruction with the participation of international agencies and experts in the field.
In this connection, a system for international accreditation of medical personnel and health institutions was judged important.
The Secretary-General stated that Israelis and Palestinians had shown admirable courage in joining the negotiations launched in Madrid in 1991 and later in signing the Oslo Accords, adding:
3. Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/52/593) [64].
I wish to remind the Greek Cypriot representative that the only occupation in Cyprus is the 35-year-old usurpation and continued occupation by the Greek Cypriot side of the seat of government of the bi-national Republic of Cyprus established under the 1960 Treaties.
The Committee believes that, as humankind prepares to enter the new millennium, it is incumbent upon the co-sponsors of the peace process, the Security Council and the international community as a whole to do everything within their power to achieve peace and reconciliation in the Middle East, which is so essential for international peace and security.
338. On 28 November, it was reported that a house belonging to the Tirhi family in the Old City of Jerusalem had been seized earlier in the week and turned into a police station.
The report written by the Government usually presents the country in the multilateral system, then the main trade policy developments for the overed period and the future direction (development) of the trade policy.
Programmes in the form of lectures and seminars to sensitize parents and make them aware of the problem of drug abuse have been reported by several countries.
Educational systems must be flexible to accommodate different learning needs.
The Consultative Committee emphasized universal acceptance of the existing reservation regime as set out in the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties and proposed that ambiguities, gaps and lacunae should be filled through commentaries to the relevant provisions of the Vienna Convention.
59. Question of equitable representation on and increase in the membership of the Security Council and related matters (P.59).
SUMMARY OF SCHEDULED MEETINGS Tuesday, 7 October 1997
The unutilized balance of $431,800 was attributable to (a) the actual average number of international staff (101) being slightly lower than the authorized number (102); and (b) the higher percentage of staff on appointments of limited duration.
A/52/892 4. In the view of the Committee, the performance report is too focused on providing statistical information rather than information on management issues relating to the administration of the support account.
The representative of the United States introduced the draft resolution on behalf of the sponsors listed as well as Australia, Belgium, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Japan, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, the Nether-lands, Norway, Poland and the United Kingdom.
(c) Other costs pertaining to military personnel
In the post-conflict environment, it is important that structural adjustment programmes should also be “peace-friendly”, and not put at risk the process of rebuilding the social infrastructure.
The Committee then concluded its general discussion of the items.
ANNOUNCEMENTS Chairmen of regional groups
Governments are increasingly recognizing the importance of community-based early childhood care and development.
The value of this budgeted contribution in kind is estimated at $2,294,000 per annum, consisting of hire/charter costs inclusive of salaries for the aircrew ($1,918,900), aviation fuel ($256,700), and insurance ($118,400).
The Chairman drew the attention of the members to aide-mémoire 1/97/Add.2 which contained the unofficial provisional list of documents relating to agenda items 86 and 87.
1997/2 Mainstreaming the gender perspective into all policies and programmes in the United system
The PA Local Authority Minister, Saeb Erekat, stated that the Authority would hold the Israeli Government responsible for any development that took place if the settlers were not evicted in the coming hours.
These include voluntary contributions of $122,200,000, interest income of $4,680,000 and public donations and other income of $2,250,000.
1. Approves the core budget of the Convention for 1999, as the second year of the biennium 1998—1999, amounting to US$ 6,100,000 Assuming that the estimated offset due to the relocation of the Permanent Secretariat will be at least US$ 600,000.
The Lessons Learned Unit of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations of the United Nations Secretariat is expected to study the past experiences of the previous peacekeeping operations in accordance with the report of the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations this year.
Included here would be the advantages of increased trade, as well as trade-induced technology transfers.30
She also outlined steps taken by the Government of Bulgaria to translate and disseminate the Convention widely throughout the country.
On the basis of this review of technical cooperation, the Expert Meeting is expected to give further guidance to the secretariat for its technical cooperation activities and recommend ways and means to implement the points made by the Third Review Conference in the same resolution (para. 4), as follows:
The current trend towards huge companies dominating production of software in some sectors is being mirrored in the rise of the large multinational information system support houses.
III. Recommendation of the First Committee
The team was impressed with the high use of bicycles and the road infrastructure for exclusive use by cyclists.
The approach adopted involves the gradual, pragmatic implementation of confidence-building measures, taking due account of the changing political and security situation in the region.
Ballistic-protective blankets for vehicles
6. At its 68th meeting, on 29 May and 26 June, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.5/52/L.35, as orally revised and amended, without a vote (see para. 8).
Progressive development of the law of international trade:
10.1(b)(iii) [text unchanged, renumbered only].
Research in policy development will enable Member States to respond to the global problem of ATS by means of improving the international drug-control system through the action plan against manufacture, trafficking and abuse of ATS for the special session of the General Assembly, and its operationalization and continuing scientific work to keep abreast of the perpetually changing ATS issue.
Other major producers include the five countries of central Asia (with a combined area of about 170,000 hectares under illicit cannabis cultivation and wild growth), Morocco (some 50,000 hectares), Mexico (some 7,000 hectares) and Colombia (5,000 hectares).
So far all indications are that the Greek Cypriot side prefers to cling on to its usurped title of the "Government of Cyprus" rather than seeking a partnership settlement with the Turkish Cypriot side.
It also called for a short-term strategy that would focus on consolidating existing agreements and actions to reduce nuclear-weapon stockpiles, implementing measures to reduce the risks of inadvertent nuclear war, and dividing the elements of the multidimensional strategy into a number of phases, with indicative time periods for completion.
Traditional or customary practices affecting the health of women and girls
This would be considered by the Authority in the next session.
Comptroller and Auditor General of India and Chairman United Nations Board of Auditors The President of the General Assembly
The other post will be used for an Arabic instructor who will also work as a translator in the headquarters area.
It is also concerned that case conferences (to expedite proceedings) convened by the courts themselves have offered no solution.
The Commission notes the importance of regional seminars and symposia and recommends that these should continue.
Ms. Irma Ertman, Deputy Director General, Ministry for Foreign Affairs
Resident coordinators confirm that in most programme countries, initiatives to establish a common country assessment are under way or are planned.
82. Despite the manifold difficulties, United Nations agencies and the non-governmental organization community are currently continuing to achieve positive results.
86. No proposal was submitted under sub-item (a).
Recalling their decision adopted on 24 April 1998 (WT/L/269), and in particular,
According to the West Bank Preventive Security Chief Jibril Rajoub, the three men killed Sharif in an internal power struggle.
At the same time, suspension of payments will lower the immediate foreign exchange requirements and reduce considerably the size of a rescue package.
1241. The Committee recommends that the State party review its legislation with the aim of reforming it so that it conforms fully with the Convention.
The Committee took the decision to defer the matter to its organizational session for 1999.
Additional staff have been assigned to the facility, including a new Commander, and a certain amount of construction has been completed.
Replace subparagraph 20.9 (b) with the following:
15. Where requisitions are prepared by procurement staff they should be approved by project managers prior to processing, and this approval should be formally evidenced (para. 31).
11 Central Bureau of Statistics, Statistical Abstract of Israel, 1995 and 1992.
3. The Director-General referred in particular to the draft declaration and programme of action that was before the General Assembly, informed his colleagues of activities being undertaken and/or envisaged by UNESCO in order to promote the culture of peace, inviting their collaboration, and stressed the importance of mobilizing the international community and Member States during the International Year for the Culture of Peace, which the General Assembly had proclaimed for the year 2000 (see Assembly resolution 52/15 of 20 November 1997).
The recommendations were: to allocate about US$ 120,000 for 30 grants to cover travel and stipend expenses for approximately 30 indigenous representatives to attend the sixteenth session of the Working Group on Indigenous Populations from 27 to 31 July 1998 and to allocate about US$ 80,000 for approximately 20 indigenous representatives to attend the fourth session of the Working Group of the Commission on Human Rights on the elaboration of a draft declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples from 19 to 30 October 1998.
Full and faithful implementation of the Uruguay Round commitments, which was considered essential for the credibility of the multilateral trading system, was called for.
Recalling its resolution S-8/2 of 21 April 1978 on the financing of the Force and its subsequent resolutions thereon, the latest of which was resolution 51/233 of 13 June 1997,
The representatives of Zimbabwe and Nigeria also made statements.
1. Executive session on the proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999
(i) Medical files reviewed and analysed
Duties of the head of the Permanent Secretariat
The need for FDI was universal, and an in-depth study of this vital subject by UNCTAD could benefit LDCs as much as other economic entities.
1. The Bureau shall meet upon the recommendation of the Secretary-General of UNCTAD whenever matters falling within the terms of rule 77 must be considered.
Kazakhstan supported Georgia’s intention to join the Central Asian economic community as an observer.
The Assembly of Heads of State and Government of the Organization of African Unity, meeting at its thirty-fourth session in Ouagadougou from 8 to 10 June 1998,
8. Adequate openness to trade and full integration into the international trading system constitute a crucial objective for African countries. However, the timing, sequencing and degree of liberalization should be adjusted to the needs and constraints of African economies as they build up their international competitiveness.
In addition to those studies, during 1996-1997 the secretariat of ESCAP prepared assessments of implementation at six-month intervals for the Advisory Committee and annually by the Commission.
C. Supplementary information: liquidation of the United Nations Civilian Police Mission in Haiti
The perpetrators of deliberate attacks on United Nations personnel must be held accountable for their acts in which staff members have lost their lives.
The Board had discussed the levels of the posts of the Secretary and of the Chief of the Investment Management Service in a closed session.
The Board of Auditors has audited the financial statements of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund (UNJSPF) for the biennium ended 31 December 1997.
13. Also reiterates that it is important that the momentum towards increased trade liberalization, particularly as regards products of interest to developing countries, be maintained and given attention in the work leading up to the third Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization: further liberalization should be sufficiently broad-based to respond to the range of interests and concerns of all members of the organization within the framework of the World Trade Organization; and, in this regard, invites the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development to provide analytical support and technical assistance to developing countries for their effective participation in multilateral trade negotiations and in their formulation of a positive agenda for future trade negotiations;
They should also abstain from acting as experts, consultants or counsels for any Government in a matter that might come up for consideration before the Committee.
The average troop strength of 4,509 during the period was slightly lower in comparison with the budgeted strength of 4, 513, resulting in unutilized resources of $13,000.
Additional models, in which the assumed real rates of return on investments ranged from 2 per cent to 5 per cent higher than the assumed 5 per cent rate of inflation, were also prepared.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention [4]
The Committee noted with appreciation the efforts made by the Secretariat to address the concerns expressed by delegations on translation-related matters, including through continuous training for staff and the introduction of new technology, and encouraged the Secretariat to continue its efforts to improve quality and proficiency in all six translation services.
The adopted amendment shall be communicated by the secretariat to the Depositary, who shall circulate it to all Parties for their acceptance.
∙ Final review of all accounts receivable/payable cases in dispute, such as outstanding telephone bills and Property Survey Board cases
80. Corruption, trafficking in influence and breach of trust by officials are offences generally connected and usually carried out in the same context and by means of the same methods.
55. The atrocities committed by all parties involved in the conflict over the past two years have widened the ethnic and religious divide between different Afghan communities and have further undermined the social fabric of Afghanistan, which has been rendered fragile by almost two decades of war.
Noting with concern that racism and racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance may be aggravated by, inter alia, inequitable distribution of wealth, marginalization and social exclusion,
89. While appreciation for the overall progress achieved by Operation Lifeline Sudan is justified, there is no reason to be satisfied.
(c) Research and development on new generation city vehicles.
23. Prosecutions of police abuses continued to be rare and were almost never undertaken on the sole initiative of judicial officials. Typically, prosecutions were undertaken when victims complained to courts.
This idea is summarized in the decision handed down by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights in the Velásquez Rodríguez case:
97. International Association of Ports and Harbours (IAPH) has given strong support to the four intergovernmental meetings of port experts organized by UNCTAD and has contributed since 1983 to the UNCTAD series of Monographs on Port Management.
The UNEP/SPREP Global Programme of Action for Protection of the Marine Environment from Land-based Activities is being partly implemented by activities specifically addressing persistent organic pollutants (POPs).
38. The representative of Luxembourg, speaking on behalf of the European Union, said that the European Union was pleased with the conclusions adopted by the Commission.
518. The Committee recommends that appropriate legislative measures be adopted and implemented with regard to adoption of children, in the light of the principles of the best interests of the child and respect for his or her views and articles 20 and 21 of the Convention.
Indeed, the peoples of the United Nations, in whose name the Charter is written, are searching for new ways to define how they are united in community though divided by custom and conviction, power and interests.
That notification would ask the Member States concerned to specify the future date of payment of the unpaid assessments in such a legal form as to allow the Secretary-General to pledge the Member State’s notification in reply as security for an advance from the Fund (see annex II).
In deciding on whether an item of information, or an aggregate of such items, should be disclosed, consideration should be given as to whether the item is material.
The economic restructuring, as well as removal of subsidies and an increase in prices for imported energy to world market levels, have reduced primary energy consumption, and provided incentives for the introduction of new technology, energy efficiency and energy conservation measures.
Attendance and participation in meetings and seminars
IX. Resources made available and operating costs for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1998
(c) Establishment on the ground of the common land border;
3. Requests the Permanent Secretariat to prepare a synthesis of such reports to submit for consideration at the second session of the Committee on Science and Technology;
The Committee points out that such coercion contravenes the Government's obligations under the Convention to ensure women's reproductive rights to freedom of choice and informed consent with respect to methods of family planning.
The courses offered will be: Netscape 3.0; Intermediate Internet; Introduction to HTML; Intermediate HTML; and Creating a Website.
(c) A methodology must be established to estimate and evaluate the effectiveness of the measures adopted to limit emissions and enhance the removal or mitigation of greenhouse gas emissions in each particular project;
The Committee is also concerned that charges cannot be brought against an abuser by the police independent of the victim and that securing a conviction often requires the corroboration of independent witnesses.
Only screening programmes answering to basic prerequisites, such as effectiveness, existence of the treatment, acceptability for the population, as well as costs should be considered.
UNAIDS also gives a high priority to efforts to develop, advocate and implement best practices in combating the epidemic; 19 such best practices have now been issued by UNAIDS, which has brought together scientists at regional workshops to improve surveillance.
(d) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination (A/53/256);
The General Conference elected the following Vice-Presidents of the Conference at its seventh session: Mr. A. MENASRA (Algeria), Mr. J. KOHOUT (Czech Republic), Mr. J. ABU (Ghana), Mr. S. HOBEICA (Lebanon), Mr. A. NICULESCU (Romania), Mr. C. POOLOKASINGHAM (Sri Lanka), Mr. U. BREITER (Switzerland), Mr. J. HERRERA ONETO Y VIANA (Uruguay) and Mr. D. BOERSNER (Venezuela).
Significant efforts will be made to identify and implement planning and operational linkages and synergies with the work of other organizations, including international financial institutions, to incorporate the drug dimension into their mainstream socio-economic development work.
VI. Role and activities of the United Nations system: summary and conclusion
Statement III. Cash flow for the biennium ended 31 December 1997
The globalization of trade would mean ever-increasing demand for efficient and cost-effective transport systems and freight services.
OECD enjoys observer status in the United Nations Economic and Social Council as well as in UNCTAD, and has working arrangements with certain other economic bodies and organizations in the United Nations family, including the Conferences of the Parties and the Working Groups of several key United Nations Conventions and their preparatory bodies.
The cost estimates provided $49,400 for the purchase of equipment as well as $21,100 for the shipment of equipment from other missions.
Such conclusions and recommendations will include, as appropriate, elements relating to:
The Committee requests that more planning be introduced into those aspects of travel.
The Government needs to broaden its agenda for change and to declare a strong commitment to achieving certain goals within specified time-frames.
The Habitat Agenda, adopted by the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (Habitat II) in 1996, provides the strategic guidance for this effort.
This can be found in document FCCC/AGBM/1997/3/Add.1.
"The deplorable and dehumanizing conditions caused the death of one man whose daughter was snatched away by Ethiopian authorities when the deportees were dropped off between the border posts of the two countries.
(f) Enhancing national capacities, including national human rights institutions, to effectively promote and protect human rights: States should consider establishing and/or strengthening national human rights structures and institutions, as well as utilizing existing programmes of technical assistance to support this process.
2. Impact of telecommunications on the other sectors of trade efficiency
The Advisory Committee recommended that, before purchase orders are issued, the administration ascertain that the situation of the mission and the level of operational activities indeed require the acquisition of all of the new vehicles.
Additionally, the Committee requests the State party to provide information on measures undertaken or envisaged for improving public awareness of the Convention.
5. Invites Member States to take into account the Model Treaty in negotiating treaties at the bilateral, regional or multilateral level, as appropriate;
Incidentally, I would like to point out that the fact that Ukraine exists and that it will remain a sovereign and independent State is not subject to any debate.
7. Decides that the anticipated reduction of 19.8 million United States dollars related to compensating economies should not be included in the budget outline for the biennium 2000–2001;
There were additional requirements of $9,100 for the installation of various items of accommodation equipment and cleaning services for headquarters and team sites.
It asserts that, following the liberation of Kuwait, its efforts to trace the vehicle were unsuccessful.
In this regard, it was noted with concern that the major increase, in terms of percentage, in the proposed preliminary estimate was allocated to the Office of Internal Oversight Services, which was not a priority area approved by the General Assembly.
The Office of the Chief of Section currently has three posts (one P-5 and two General Service (Other level)).
Overall prison capacity in Rwanda is less than half the actual population in detention.
Bearing in mind the principles and norms established within the framework of the International Labour Organization and the importance of the work done in connection with migrant workers and members of their families in other specialized agencies and in various organs of the United Nations,
Any Party not included in Annex I to the Convention that has expressed its intention to be bound by Article 4.2(a) and (b) of the Convention in accordance with Article 4.2(g) of the Convention, may in its instrument of ratification, acceptance, approval or accession to this Protocol, or at any time thereafter, notify the Depositary that it intends to be bound by Articles 3 to 5 (see paragraphs 110 and 174, 204-204.3 and 154-154.2) of this Protocol.
In the broader context of its commitment to assisting Parties in the implementation of the Convention, IFAD is confident that its accumulated institutional experience and capacity could be harnessed to enable it to play a dynamic and synergistic role in hosting the Global Mechanism and facilitating its work.
A book entitled The United Nations and the Management of Security Studies was being prepared for publication in 1998 by UNU Press.
The fear that this will happen is growing, and it is in that context in particular that the protection of the "Trade Point", "Global Trade Point Network (GTPNet)", and "Electronic Trading Opportunities (ETO)" names and logos has become even more relevant.
Both cases are being investigated by the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
A representative of ISO stressed that the 14001 standard would be revised in 1999 and that all efforts would be made to involve all countries.
eleventh to fourteenth periodic reports of Yugoslavia 126
Between 0850 and 1200 hours Israeli forces and the Lahad militia directed several bursts of fire at Hursh al-Mu`yatah from their positions on Tallat Rum and at Castle Beaufort.
An effort has also been made to include information on the humanitarian, human rights and development work of the Organization, in addition to the political, while respecting the need to focus on the newsworthy.
37. Furthermore, as a result of UNMIBH’s expansion, its fleet has increased by 146 vehicles.
30. The main needs of developing countries with respect to EMS and ISO 14001 include assistance in awareness building, access to information, access to and transfer of environmentally sound technologies, technical and financial support for participation in the development of international standards, infrastructure requirements including through assistance in the development and implementation of related legislation, the training of local auditors and consultants, sharing experiences on implementing EMS, and support for SMEs.
It is beyond the scope of the present report to document all the activities that have been undertaken by the United Nations system organizations under chapter 19 of Agenda 21 in the area of environmentally sound management of chemicals. The present report is limited to a description of some of those activities which are most directly relevant to the Consolidated List, although it is recognized that there are wider and important links with other chapters of Agenda 21, such as hazardous waste, freshwater, human health and atmosphere.
I have the honour to write to you in connection with document A/53/357, dated 10 September 1998, circulated under agenda item 7 of the fifty-third session of the General Assembly entitled "Notification by the Secretary-General under Article 12, paragraph 2, of the Charter of the United Nations", which contains a brief statement on matters of which the Security Council is seized and on the stage reached in their consideration since the last notification to the General Assembly at its fifty-second session contained in document A/52/392.
Those strategies and programmes should be ongoing and should be aimed at meeting the needs of participants.
(e) The international consultant evaluation form should be revised to encourage a more rigorous evaluation of the final output against measurable objectives and targets in the terms of reference; and that field offices be reminded to complete evaluations of special service agreement assignment (para. 50);
At the tenth INCD session, the Secretariat presented a report (A/AC.241/67) identifying bodies of other relevant organizations and conventions performing work similar to that envisaged for the Committee on Science and Technology (CST).
UNHCR needs to revise its system development methodology for the Operations Management System to reflect the roles and responsibilities of users and to develop project management methodologies for implementing the system.
The second reason why the authorities are weak lies in the personnel area.
19. Takes note with appreciation of the efforts made to address the problems and to improve the overall functioning of the Tribunal;
Calling upon the participants in the peace process in Tajikistan for unconditional and scrupulous fulfilment of the obligations they have assumed, the Russian Federation and Uzbekistan attach importance to the intensification of cooperation on a bilateral basis and within the framework of international efforts, including those undertaken by the United Nations and OSCE, in the interest of full and timely implementation of the General Agreement.
The team noted that there are processes for involving non-governmental organizations (NGO) in implementing the Convention, and that a number of initiatives aim at improving public awareness.
Many of them were made to pay Eritrean Nakfa 150 (equivalent to US$ 25.00) to obtain a permit to leave the country.
Bahrain having challenged the authenticity of 81 documents produced by Qatar, the Court then decided that Qatar should also file an interim report on the question of the authenticity of each of these documents;
Aware of the additional, detrimental economic and social impact of the Israeli settlements on Palestinian and other Arab natural resources, especially the confiscation of land and the forced diversion of water resources,
Annex IV Guidelines on conventional arms control/limitation and disarmament, with particular emphasis on consolidation of peace in the context of General Assembly resolution 51/45 N
99. The Advisory Committee has no special comments to make with regard to the audits of UNU, UNRWA, UNDCP or the United Nations Office for Project Services, nor on the management review of the secretariat of the International Civil Service Commission (A/52/811).
In its resolution 50/222, the General Assembly decided that the reform procedures should be in place from 1 July 1996 and that for missions activated prior to 1 July 1996, troop-contributing countries would have the option to accept reimbursement under either the new or the old reimbursement methodology.
• The Council should take the lead in promoting greater involvement of civil society in the work and activities of the United Nations.
(m) Removal of obstacles to the rational use of energy.
It noted that the report was the result of some 12 weeks of study by the Board’s auditing team.
The Committee also encourages the State party to consider ratifying International Labour Organization Convention No. 138 concerning minimum age for employment.
H. Informal support group for the Special Representative
The Committee does not support the establishment of five additional posts for the Medical Support Unit and recommends instead that the need for two support account posts for the Unit be met through redeployment from within the existing support account establishment throughout the Secretariat.
Cessation of hostilities does not mean that war is over, particularly for children who have been extensively exposed to the culture of violence.
– A/AC.247/1998/CRP.20, entitled “Proposed amendments to document A/AC.247/1998/CRP.4/Rev.2, on the working methods of the Security Council, transparency of its work, as well as its decision-making process, submitted by the Republic of Korea, dated 9 July 1998” (see annex VIII).
The discussion is still continuing over how to tackle this problem of the exceptions; whether it should be solved by granting a general, blanket exception or whether the matter should be taken up case by case, individual country by individual country.
These distinctions may amount to total exclusion of persons, depriving them of the most fundamental rights and having racist implications.
So far, all the UNU food and nutrition publications have been scanned, and the scanning of the University’s books on sustainable development is almost complete.
29. The cost breakdown in annex I (column 1) also shows the requirements for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998 contained in the report of the Secretary-General of 31 July 1997 (A/51/519/Add.5).
Arms exporting countries have a responsibility to exercise restraint, especially with respect to the export of weapons into zones of conflict or tension in Africa.
35. OIOS acknowledges the additional comments of the Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts that, since the required technical capacity is not available internally, a claims audit by an outside auditing firm would be the most consistent approach to checking on the accuracy and reasonableness of claims handling and the performance of plan administrators.
As a regional organization composed of and representing 25 member States which are also Members of the United Nations, ACS is convinced that possession of observer status in the United Nations General Assembly would be extremely beneficial to it.
It also highlights the way in which the technology itself could be used for economic empowerment and inclusion.
5. As indicated in paragraph 3 of the report of the Secretary-General, in order to meet the cost of the most immediate and essential start-up requirements relating to the establishment and operation of UNOMSIL, the Advisory Committee had concurred in the Secretary-General’s request to enter into commitments in an amount not exceeding $10,624,200 gross ($10,409,500 net) for a four-month period from 13 July to 13 November 1998 (see annex below).
93. It is also noted that the State party has not made the declaration provided for in article 14 of the Convention, and some members of the Committee request that the possibility of making the declaration be considered.
H.E. Mr. Hugo Saguier Caballero (Paraguay) was elected as Chairman of Meeting by acclamation.
These amounts have been eliminated from the income and expenditure figures shown in the total columns of statement I.
2. The Shrine of Saint Kourmoutas in Lapithos has been profaned and defiled (see photograph 1b).*
STATEMENT BY THE UNCTAD SENIOR LEGAL ADVISOR ON NON-GOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZATIONS
HDDnorm: average heating degree day index over several years
Rapporteur: Mr. Djamel MOKTEFI (Algeria)
Recalling its resolution 52/215 B of 22 December 1997,
A Professional-level field security officer (or chief security officer at peacekeeping missions) may be assigned to assist the designated official.
47. The question of return, including the conditions to which people are returning, was the main subject of the Special Rapporteur’s discussions with Croatian Government ministers and officials.
UNDCP assistance, an integral part of the reconstruction and institution-building process in the post-conflict situation, will also contribute to the development of the legal framework for drug control, strengthen law enforcement services and build up the capacity of educational, health and social welfare agencies involved in drug abuse prevention.
A total of $42,000 provided for the replacement of 15 generators was not utilized.
At present, UNBIS includes, for the period 1946–1997, resolutions of the General Assembly, Economic and Social Council, Security Council and the Commission on Human Rights, as well as documents of the International Court of Justice.
Optimization research focused on the more effective use and marketing of resources in order to reduce by-catch, with a view to using the integral part of the target catches and avoiding discards and wastes.
124. In the determination of the mobility and hardship allowance, the Board noted that the information technology application was limited to maintenance of a database of hardship duty stations, which did not include the relevant costing data.
Funding was increased in 1997 to finance one additional professional and two additional general service posts.
It is the view of the Committee, therefore, that measures must be taken immediately to ensure a marked improvement in their conditions of detention and that other measures to protect these children in the future must be put in place.
47. The Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs is involved in developing methodologies to address the humanitarian impact of sanctions and to facilitate the processing of humanitarian exemptions.
(c) Establish a clear and durable policy for fixing the out-of-area weights;
(b) Draft resolutions (A/52/L.54, L.55 and L.62)
Under each of these broad areas, a wealth of detailed suggestions, proposals and recommendations have been made and these are reflected below:
At its meeting in June 1998, the Committee of Actuaries was informed that the Fund's administrative/audit costs could be expected to increase as from 1999, since a number of services and facilities that had previously been provided by the United Nations at little or no cost would in future be shared by the Fund and the United Nations.
Letter dated 9 July 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Ethiopia to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
2. Factors and difficulties affecting the implementation of the Covenant
Both entities emphasize a life cycle approach, from the girl-child to the older woman, believing that empowering younger women is the surest guarantee of securing the well-being of older women and that improving the status of older women will affect the aspirations of the young.
1. The previous recommendations made by the Fifth Committee to the General Assembly under agenda item 118 appear in the reports of the Committee contained in documents A/53/464 and Add.1 and 2.
6.6.4.3.3 For metals exhibiting a clearly defined yield point or characterized by a guaranteed proof strength (0.2 % proof strength, generally, or 1 % proof strength for austenitic steels) the primary membrane stress σ (sigma) in the shell shall not exceed 0.75 Re or 0.50 Rm, whichever is lower, at the test pressure, where:
c Represents gain on exchange from revaluation of accounts payable expressed in local currency.
Various workshop equipment required for repairs/
3. It should also be noted that subsequently the General Assembly decided that the same rates of honorariums should be applied to two other subsidiary organs on an exceptional basis.
47. Documentation of the internal control structure, transactions, and significant events must have a clear purpose, contribute to achieving the organization’s objectives and be useful to managers in controlling their operations and to auditors or others involved in analysing operations.
2. The table of contents, for ease of reference, lists a serial number by which each decision or resolution may be cited, the title of each decision and resolution, the pertinent background document(s), a reference to the summary record of the plenary meeting at which the decision or resolution was adopted and the relevant agenda item.
15. Consolidation of the regime established by the Treaty for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco) (item 77).
Studies commenced at the farmer/trader/community level and the fifth annual opium poppy survey of Afghanistan was undertaken (its main results are outlined below).
In this connection, the Committee sought further clarification with regard to the staff levels in the liaison offices at Belgrade and Zagreb, and was informed that total civilian staff had decreased in the latter office from a total of 25 in September 1997 (17 international and 8 local staff) to 11 in January 1998 (6 international and 5 local staff) while in Belgrade it had decreased from a total of 33 (19 international and 14 local staff) in September 1997 to 16 (6 international and 10 local staff) in October 1997.
In particular, Governments should review their national laws to ensure that women and girls are not adversely affected in this context by the coexistence and interaction of customary, religious and general laws.
7. The methodology recommended by the Committee of Actuaries and endorsed by the Board involves:
Due to the early stage of the pilot phase, only a few of the reports provided data for the actual emissions reduced.
Noting with appreciation the continuing exemplary cooperation of New Zealand as the administering Power with regard to the work of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples relating to Tokelau and its readiness to permit access by United Nations visiting missions to the Territory,
These two categories raise the issue of the relationship between politics and religion, and the use of these to foment intolerance and discrimination, culminating in religious extremism;
Many limitations on freedom of expression have been eased on the Tanzanian mainland for the press, radio and television (art. 19).
The meeting acknowledged that better monitoring of budget expenditures and donor contributions to basic services will be required for the implementation of the Initiative and recommended support for building capacities to gather and analyse data on public expenditures for social services.
Germany also has some doubts as to whether the basis for a compromise outlined by the Chairman of the informal consultations – namely, giving States the option of indicating the potential relevance of the purpose criterion under their national law and practice either by means of a general declaration in relation to the Convention or a specific notification to the other party in relation to a particular contract or transaction – would indeed introduce a greater measure of certainty.
It had been announced that an open-ended group of interested Parties would meet immediately before the resumption of the AGBM (see document FCCC/AGBM/1997/8, paragraph 19).
Legal research services were provided to a number of bodies involved in the legislative process, in particular the two Commissions for which the Office serves as secretariat: the International Law Commission and the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law.
18. Decides further, as an ad hoc arrangement, to apportion the amount of 45,899,080 dollars gross (44,301,680 dollars net) for the period from 1 July to 31 October 1998 among Member States at a monthly rate of 11,474,770 dollars gross (11,075,420 dollars net), in accordance with the composition of groups set out in paragraphs 3 and 4 of General Assembly resolution 43/232 of 1 March 1989, as adjusted by the Assembly in its resolutions 44/192 B of 21 December 1989, 45/269 of 27 August 1991, 46/198 A of 20 December 1991, 47/218 A of 23 December 1992, 49/249 A of 20 July 1995, 49/249 B of 14 September 1995, 50/224 of 11 April 1996, 51/218 A, B and C of 18 December 1996 and 52/230 of 31 March 1998 and its decisions 48/472 A of 23 December 1993 and 50/451 B and 50/471 A of 23 December 1995, and taking into account the scale of assessments for the year 1998, as set out in its resolution 52/215 A of 22 December 1997, subject to the decision of the Security Council to extend the mandate of the Observer Mission beyond 30 June 1998;
Representative of Turkey to the United Nations
The representative welcomed the emphasis the Commission had placed in mainstreaming a gender perspective in the overall human resources management strategy of the organizations, and called upon it to continue its examination of gender balance.
At its 5th meeting on 5 August, having considered a proposal by the Chairman, the SBI recommended for adoption by the COP at its third session the budget decision included in annex III to this document which would require finalization at the Conference with respect to the contingencies indicated therein.
Office address: Supreme Court of Sri Lanka, Superior Courts Complex, Colombo 12, Sri Lanka.
Only Canada and Slovakia estimated how the results would be affected by changes in key assumptions.
Less: Repatriation grant accruals already provided for (note 15)
The revised draft could then be the object of in-depth discussions by an open-ended intergovernmental working group in the fourth quarter of 1997.
The special agricultural safeguard provisions will remain in force for the duration of the reform process.
Similar demographics and numbers apply to population groups who are internally displaced.
The second set of off-site Internet training course has been scheduled by the Information Technology Services Division (ITSD) to take place from 17 to 24 November 1997.
Participants were of the view that the network should focus, as a matter of priority, on the role of scientists in promoting tolerance at the regional and global level.
United Nations organizations and agencies should also seek to increase the allocation of resources for TCDC and ECDC from their regular programme budgets.
Table 1 on page below shows the 1996 income and expenditure under the main budgetary sources of the Centre.
e Owing to the change in peacekeeping budget cycle, some expenditures that have been included in the 1997 fiscal year period (1 July 1996-30 June 1997) have inadvertently used the 1996 (1 January-30 June 1996) account codes.
Underlining the importance of the ICS technology development activities,
B. Issues addressed by bilateral investment treaties
In effect, many existing regulations and rules were repeated in the Code.
88. Minor changes to the law on health care have been introduced since the initial report.
The second category of projects funded by the Foundation consists of project expenditure incurred in providing the Governments of developing countries, particularly those of the least developed countries, with technical assistance in the formulation of documents for human settlements projects to be submitted to the United Nations Development Programme and other funding agencies.
Desertification network system (DNS) may be structured at all levels from bottom up, namely, national, subregional, regional and international.
354. The report of the State party does not provide sufficient information on the practical implementation of the Convention, in particular articles 4 to 6.
49/94 Enhanced international cooperation towards a durable solution to the external debt problem of developing countries
80. In resolution 51/226, the General Assembly underlined the importance of the concept of career service for staff members who perform continuing core functions.
The Board will keep these matters under review.
WHO promptly responded to the situation by launching a detailed investigation in collaboration with an international team of experts from the United States Centers for Disease Control (CDC), Epicenter, the Kenyan Ministry of Health, the South African National Institute of Viral Research, non-governmental organizations and Somali professionals.
B. Guarantees of non-recurrence of violations PRINCIPLE 37.
71. In his report on “Renewing the United Nations: a Programme for Reform” (A/51/950), the Secretary-General stressed how the increasing role and influence of civil society, and of NGOs in particular, is contributing to a process of enlargement of international cooperation and spurring the United Nations system and other intergovernmental structures towards greater transparency and accountability and closer linkages between national and international levels of decision-making and implementation.
The general law on cooperative societies in Bolivia was enacted in 1958 and applied through the Ministry of Labour and Micro-enterprises.
10. Report of the Secretary-General on the work of the Organization.
It has supported a trade information network linking a number of Asian countries.
30. The International Federation of Associations of the Elderly will contribute to human rights awareness by commemorating the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration during its international meeting in October 1998 and by mobilizing its member organizations in this regard.
The switch of a part of the population from public to private health structures, with the consequent increase in the human and financial resources available to the public sector, would be especially positive in those countries which suffer from a shortage of medical personnel and health facilities.
Furthermore, as a result of UNMIBH's expansion (see A/51/519/Add.4-5), a total of 130 new vehicles are to be purchased, increasing the UNMIBH vehicle fleet to 1,281 vehicles, as of 30 June 1998.
It was not true to say that “entrepreneurs are born”; training in entrepreneurial skills was also important.
With regard to measurement, responsibilities were assigned to national and municipal institutions of the host country and, in some cases, to private organizations of the host country.
It is the belief of the Administration that such an approach would bring major benefits through the availability of consolidated databases, a reduction in implementation and operation costs of systems at field duty stations and other small offices, the dissemination and usage of consistent procedures throughout the Organization and a larger base of staff trained in the same software.
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/174).
Personnel should periodically be reminded of their obligations under an operative code of conduct that comes from top management.
If they realize that they have no grounds to revoke an Arab Jerusalemites residence permit, Israeli authorities encourage them to take Israeli citizenship.
United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
It is, therefore, essential that, before the staff separation programme is initiated, a clear indication of the firm financial commitments from Member States be ascertained.
I. INTERNATIONAL COVENANTS ON HUMAN RIGHTS
Several Governments in the region noted that much more could be done to implement the Programme of Action if the required financial resources were provided.
The following 10 States have signed but not yet ratified the Convention: Angola, Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Germany, Morocco, Nigeria, Poland, Romania, Uruguay and Yugoslavia.
The view was expressed that while the same subject may be covered by several departments and units at Headquarters and other duty stations, there were different perspectives and divergent strategies that should lead to flexibility on the part of programme managers regarding publications policies.
43. There is a minimum that the Court requires in order to make its full contribution to conflict prevention and dispute settlement, one of the major tasks of our times.
4. Welcomes the conclusion of a memorandum of understanding with the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in accordance with the statement of the Chairman of the Commission on Human Rights,85 regarding the status of the office in Belgrade, leading the way to the establishment of office premises for the Office of the High Commissioner and the deployment of additional human rights officers in Kosovo;
(h) Development of a project to assess the achievements of the United Nations Special Commission on Iraq;
Secretariat of the United Nations. GROUP OF 77
Reaffirming further that the natural resources are the heritage of the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories, including the indigenous populations,
The commitment and active support of Member States is also vital.
Dramatic cuts in assistance to Africa have been registered in recent years.
96. All countries that have ratified the 1988 Convention (138 as at 31 December 1996) have committed themselves to implementing the technique of controlled delivery, which, for drug law enforcement purposes, could be applied both to drug trafficking and to major cash movements across borders.
In this regard, he pointed out the need to streamline and strengthen technical support for the intergovernmental process.
10. Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the Conference of the Parties at its fourth session on income and budget performance, and to propose any adjustments that might be needed in the Convention budget for the biennium 1998-1999.
17. Based in part on the OIOS interpretation of the term “retirees” and of the existing directives on the employment of retirees, 165 cases of appointments at Headquarters were selected for detailed examination.
21. In October 1997, the Subregional Development Centre for Eastern Africa organized a high-level seminar on women’s advancement and economic and social empowerment in the Eastern and Southern African subregion.
16. No provision is required under this heading.
It was systematized and generalized to the point of being called the “black-slave trade”.
33. The Board noted that the level of outstanding advances and those in excess of three months’ expenditure had increased compared with 1996.
21. WIPO organized its Regional Symposium for Latin American and Caribbean Countries on the Economic Importance of Intellectual Property and on Enforcement of Rights under the Agreement on Trade Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights in Cartagena, Colombia, from 12 to 14 March 1997, in cooperation with the Government of Colombia and SELA.
Note by the Secretary-General, transmitting the report of the ninth meeting of persons chairing the human rights treaty bodies, convened at Geneva from 25 to 27 February 1998 (A/53/125)
1. The forty-third session of the Trade and Development Board was opened on 7 October 1996 by Mr. William Rossier (Switzerland), the outgoing President of the Board.
53. One example is what took place at the Nueva Florencia ranch in Colombia, Quetzaltenango, where 32 workers were fired when they formed a union.
In most cases, however, especially in internal conflicts, the causes may relate to ethnic, economic and social factors and policies which exclude whole sectors of society from the country’s political or economic life.
In so doing, it had worked to ensure that the draft laws were in conformity with the fisheries conservation principles as reflected in the resolution.
During a mission by the Assistant Emergency Relief Coordinator (Designate) of the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, Operation Lifeline Sudan agreed to open a second logistics base in the Government-controlled town of Al Obeid located north of the transitional zone.
For UNCTAD, publications represented an essential component of the organization’s strategy for promoting the integration of the developing countries into the world economy, and the Secretary-General attached the highest importance to UNCTAD’s publication programme.
(d) International migration and development, including the convening of a United Nations conference on inter-national migration and development: report of the Second Committee (Part V) (A/52/628/Add.4)
It should be noted that any agreement reached in violation of articles 7 and 8 of the Act is void ab initio.
248. The Committee expresses concern that information has not been provided on the social, economic and political status of women of different ethnic and religious minorities in Bulgaria.
(c) The SBI urged all Annex I Parties to submit their views on the schedule of in-depth reviews of the second national communications no later than 25 August and requested the secretariat to prepare the final schedule for consideration at the next session of the SBI;
SCP involves non-governmental and community-based organizations in city-level activities, with a focus on capacity-building in environmental planning and management.
An economic needs test (ENT) conditions temporary entry upon a determination that no resident/national of the host country is available and qualified to carry out the same assignment.
(b) In operative paragraph 7, the square brackets around the paragraph and the words "operational and substantive" before the word "requirements" were deleted;
5. The Board confirmed that organizations have generally complied with the common accounting standards for the biennium 1996–1997.
Under article 1, paragraph 2, of the Declaration on Territorial Asylum, adopted by the General Assembly on 14 December 1967, and article 1 F of the Convention relating to the Status of Refugees of 28 July 1951, States may not extend such protective status, including diplomatic asylum, to persons with respect to whom there are serious reasons to believe that they have committed a serious crime under international law.
2. Stresses that such dialogue should be conducted in response to the imperatives of mutual interests and benefits, genuine interdependence, shared responsibility and the partnership for achieving development as well as for improving the international economic environment so that it is conducive to such development, and that the United Nations system should reinforce its activities in order to facilitate such a dialogue in accordance with relevant resolutions of the General Assembly;
of any opinion whatsoever on the part of the Secretariat of the United Nations.
