25. The Government of Rwanda is very much aware of the necessity to move forward in order to enable the National Human Rights Commission to become operational.
Staff members financed by extrabudgetary funds who are required to pay income tax are reimbursed directly from the resources of the extrabudgetary fund concerned.
Anyone failing to register is promised a fine of three to five times the minimum wage with 50 times the minimum wage for repeat offenders plus expulsion from Moscow, either at their own expense or at the expense of Moscow Police Headquarters.
United Nations Consolidated Inter-Agency Humanitarian Assistance Appeals
7 Ibid., Fiftieth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/50/40), vol. I, sect. VII and annex V, pp. 124-130.
This concept naturally comprises the technical role of the police force, and the recognized need to maintain order and to crack down on crimes and offences.
It calls upon the nuclear-weapons-capable States to sign and ratify the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty and adhere to the Non-Proliferation Treaty.
3. The United Nations Environment Programme and the United Nations Development Programme were represented at the meeting.
A decision was taken by UNDCP management to shift priorities, and this activity is now being terminated.
Currently the Republic of China is contributing capital to regional development programmes through institutions such as the Asian Development Bank, the Central American Bank for Economic Integration, the Inter-American Development Bank and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.
The projects are located in Africa, Asia and Latin America.
∙ Final review of all accounts receivable/payable cases in dispute, such as outstanding telephone bills and Property Survey Board cases
56. In accordance with UNDCP’s positive conditionality policy, drug control action plans for Kandahar and Nangarhar province (the pilot areas for drug control) were prepared and endorsed by the Taliban authorities in those areas.
27. The Board looks forward to further action to address the recommendation.
For the remainder of 1998 and the 1999–2000 period, IFAD is considering additional investments of about $73.5 million in Albania, Azerbaijan, Bosnia, Georgia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Moldova and Romania.
71. All political prisoners, trade union leaders, human rights advocates and journalists currently being detained without charge or trial should immediately be released.
31. In preparing for my participation in the work of the Committee, and in familiarizing myself with the work of the Department of Public Information, I have been very pleased to note the highly extensive range of information activities that the Department undertakes throughout the year.
The moderator will be Judge Milton Mollen, Deputy Mayor for Public Safety in New York City; (b) There will be a panel discussion on "Drugs in the Workplace and in the Community", co-sponsored by the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) and the International Labour Organization (ILO), on Tuesday, 28 October 1997, from 1.15 p.m. to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 7.
The Bayt Yahun crossing, which is under the control of client militia elements, remained closed to passage in both directions all day long.
International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources
Note: The summary of the 70th plenary meeting of the General As-sembly will appear in the next issue of the Journal (No. 1997/ 242).
CCAQ noted that the organizations had started to look at the implications for common system entitlements in view of the advent of the Euro currency in 1999.
The Committee also noted the special request contained in paragraph 9, which reads as follows:
On occasion, the term is taken to mean that the production of goods has become more diversified, with one part of a product being made in one locale and another part elsewhere.
31. In addition to financial audits of common and support services, the Office of Internal Oversight Services has now begun to conduct management audits, which should contribute to the formulation of normative standards for United Nations support services.
The Executive Secretary urges all Parties which have not paid their contributions for the past and/or current year to do so as soon as possible.
Accordingly, the national communication states that these estimates should be treated with caution.
It must have no legal effect on any proceedings brought by victims relating to the right to reparation.
The pension liability includes a loading for the assumed estimated cost of the two-track pension adjustment system.
(e) Resettle the majority of the country’s 900,000 internally displaced persons;
Report of the Second Committee The report of the Committee on this item will be issued in seven parts, under the symbol A/53/609 and Add.1–6.
If an analyst believes that RNA might be present in a sample, the first step is to treat it with the enzyme reverse transcriptase, which produces a DNA copy of the RNA.
Total expenditures for the 6-month period from 1 January 1996 to 30 June 1996 amounted to $9.3 million.
Staff were trained both in computer applications and in Internet use. That most centres now have the ability to communicate by electronic mail contributes to our being brought closer together and makes possible the immediate transmittal of the latest information from Headquarters.
This is because the parties to a conflict have specific military needs which require the assistance and hiring of military professionals.
But we also stress the importance that they be joined in a seamless process by those with lesser arsenals at the appropriate juncture.
Rapporteur: Mr. Djamel MOKTEFI (Algeria)
Algeria, Bangladesh, Cape Verde, China, Colombia, Cuba, Djibouti, Guyana, The delegation of Guyana subsequently stated that it had intended to vote in favour of the draft decision, and not against it. India, Jordan, Lebanon, Mozambique, Pakistan, Saint Lucia, Sri Lanka, Togo, Tunisia, Viet Nam.
10. This has prevented the Sudan from dealing with the international financial institutions and consequently prevented it from paying its arrears to these institutions.
(b) Working paper containing a draft of the contribution of the Committee to the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights concerning reservations to the Convention prepared by a member of the Committee (CEDAW/C/1998/WG.II/WP.2);
(e) For travel on home leave stopovers for journeys of more than 12 hours should only be maintained if staff members travelling with children under the age of 12 chose to have their tickets provided by the organization.
Recalling also the conceptual and operational frameworks for the International Year, A/50/114 and A/52/328.
The Committee held 24 plenary meetings (360th to 383rd), and its two working groups each held 9 meetings.
Improve working methods of Headquarters Committee on Contracts
6. Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session on the implementation of the present resolution.
Among those participating were reportedly members of the PLC.
23. A tolerance teaching kit was produced in 1997 by the French non-governmental organization, Secours catholique, under contract with UNESCO.
34. The working group drew the following conclusions:
On behalf of the Government of the Republic of Cyprus, I wish to strongly protest these new provocative acts by Turkey against the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Republic of Cyprus.
102. Committee on the Rights of the Child, eighteenth session [General Assembly resolutions 44/25, 47/112 and 49/211]
Operational activities for development [99]
NGOs which meet certain criteria are recommended by the Working Group to the Policy and Planning Committee for approval.
of Pakistan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
(d) Assist in the organization of activities for the promotion of international human rights standards through human rights education and the fostering of local capacities of human rights protection, that is, through training for local administrative officials, police, judges, prison officers and non-governmental organizations and in other activities (such as publications) described in the relevant project document;
208. The Committee further decided to recommend to the General Assembly the approval of the new programme narrative for section 26, Public information, subject to the following modifications:
82. Other regional and subregional organizations.
(g) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the United Nations Conciliation Commission for Palestine, in accordance with paragraph 6 of General Assembly resolution 512 (VI) and paragraph 3 of Assembly resolution 52/57 (A/53/518 and Corr.1).
African Governments should adopt specific savings targets and policies for promoting domestic savings as part of their overall macroeconomic policies and programmes.
The success of the Ottawa process and progress to date in the realization of a universal ban on anti-personnel landmines are major humanitarian achievements.
10. Decides also that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraph 9 above, their respective share in the Tax Equalization Fund of the estimated staff assessment income of 403,900 dollars approved for the Observer Mission for the period from 14 January to 30 June 1999;
62. The observer for the International Ship Suppliers Association (ISSA) expressed concern that ship suppliers’ interests would be adversely affected by some of the changes to the Arrest Convention.
Making too many changes in order to improve it would, on the contrary, be liable to hamper any positive progress in combating genocide.
This programme targets the academic community and policy makers in developing and former socialist countries.
The provision of $96,000 has been fully obligated to cover potential claims from death, disability and injury to military personnel and civilian police observers.
Counsellor and later promoted to Minister in the Permanent Mission of Ecuador to the United Nations, 1959-1964.
A total of 377 vehicles and 15 tractors were also destroyed and a further 479 vehicles and 31 tractors were badly damaged.
The cost of the Investment Management Service space would therefore be fully charged against the assets of the Fund.
In addition, external balance-of-payments assistance was suspended and debt-service payments rose.
This should be borne in mind when the decision to impose them is taken, and when the results are subsequently evaluated.
The observer for the Council of Arab Ministers of the Interior informed the Subcommission of action taken by the Council to support drug control in the Arab world.
The activities of the programme reached approximately 140,000 people directly and indirectly, of whom 70 per cent are women and children.
As requested through a resolution adopted by the 1997 OAU Council of Ministers and Heads of State and Government summit sessions at Harare, UNHCR collaborated and will continue to cooperate with OAU in the preparations for the OAU Commission on Refugees’ ministerial meeting on refugees and displaced persons in Africa, scheduled to be held in Khartoum in December 1998.
In response to the increased demands arising from a strengthened involvement in the peacemaking process, the Secretary-General appointed a resident Special Representative/Head of Mission effective 1 July 1997.
5. Establishing a specific bulletin for the network activities.
That system was not peculiar to South Africa only.
The emphasis of the reports to the Economic and Social Council is on facilitating the coordination function of the Council. The reports to the General Assembly contain information from entities of the United Nations system, including specialized agencies and international financial institutions, as well as a review of activities undertaken at the national level and by non-governmental organizations and other institutions in civil society.
The memorandum indicated that, as at 19 October 1998, credentials issued by the Head of State or Government or by the Minister for Foreign Affairs, as provided in rule 27 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, had been submitted by the following 127 States: Afghanistan, Two sets of credentials received, see para. 7.
It is important that the Fund’s policy should take into account the special status that the Agreements give to the uprooted population because of their particular vulnerability.
In that connection, they recommended that their representatives in the various international bodies should consult one another on an ongoing basis in order to harmonize their positions on issues of common interest.
14. Cooperation with the Arab Fund for Economic and Social Development (AFESD) was undertaken in the framework of ESCWA activities in community development, human development and poverty eradication.
Between 1992 and 1996, the unemployment rate has grown from approximately 10 to 30 per cent, with significantly higher rates during periods of closure.
Discussions are already taking place within the newly created United Nations Development Group on practical issues in this context.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) in paragraph 6 of its report (A/52/623) (resolution 52/74).
55. Preparatory Committee on the Establishment of an International Criminal Court, sixth session [General Assembly resolution 51/207]
Item 15. Provisional agenda and other arrangements for the seventeenth session of the Commission
The mission also verified the purchase orders and receipt and inspection information and conducted numerous physical inventory checks to ensure completeness of its central inventory;
FCCC/SBSTA/1997/7 Provisional agenda and annotations.
(iii) Report on the implementation of the strategy for human resources management
This work required consultation with the parties to the conflict, interested Member States, potential troop-contributing countries, regional organizations and other Departments of the Secretariat and United Nations agencies concerned.
However, this study shows that problems of high tariffs are still widespread.
5. The Plan of Action provides orientation of the ECE programme of work according to three main principles: (a) focusing on areas where ECE has recognized expertise and proven advantages; (b) flexibility in the methods of work; and (c) strengthened cooperation/coordination with other regional/subregional organizations.
III. Recommendations of the Third Committee
114. Within the context of the work of the General Assembly and Commission for Social Development, the secretariat for the Year has continued to liase with member States, in particular through the Consultative Group for the International Year of Older Persons.
Since the country was not required to submit reports to treaty monitoring bodies during the year, the status with respect to overdue reports indicated in the report contained in document E/CN.4/1998/65, paras. 12 to 18, remained unchanged.
Ballistic-protective blankets for vehicles
250. A particular effort should be made by the State party to train law enforcement officials in the light of the provisions of the Convention.
UNU, for example, is carrying out a research and capacity-building programme oriented toward development in Africa from the perspective of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s and the United Nations system-wide Initiative on Africa.
This concern is particularly important for the least developed countries because of their low level of industrialization and their high degree of export concentration in a few commodities.
A statement was made by the representative of Iraq.
Cessation of hostilities does not mean that war is over, particularly for children who have been extensively exposed to the culture of violence.
Each fund is maintained as a distinct financial and accounting entity, with a separate self-balancing double-entry group of accounts.
Toye, J. (1995). “The new institutional economics and its implications for development theory”, in J. Harriss, J. Hunter and C. Lewis (eds.). The New Institutional Economics and Third World Development, London/New York, Routledge, pp 49-68.
233. It was regretted that terrorism had not been covered in the in-depth evaluation report, despite its high-priority nature as identified in the medium-term plan.
We are firmly determined to increase cooperation with the States of the African continent in the most diverse areas, from politics to economics and culture.
59. At its 1498th meeting, on 11 August 1998, the Special Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the Committee continue to be represented at seminars, meetings and conferences organized by United Nations bodies and other intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations active in the field of decolonization.
The packaging of advice would naturally draw on the inventory of financial needs, data base on financial sources and knowledge generated through the marketing activities.
The number of hospitals certified as “baby-friendly” has increased from about 5,000 in 1995 to 13,552 in 1998.
The Committee suggests that the State party consider seeking technical assistance from, inter alia, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, the Centre for International Crime Prevention and the United Nations Children's Fund.
Instead of showing understanding for justified measures undertaken against terrorism in Kosovo and Metohija, diverse disinformation emerged followed by unfounded criticism of the actions of state authorities of the Republic of Serbia.
The instrument shall enter into force in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Convention.
“(vii) With regard to better protection of the right to life and physical integrity, establish rules of engagement for its security forces that are clear and fully respect human rights standards, and apply open-fire regulations strictly in conformity with the principles of necessity and proportionality; exercise utmost restraint in responding to outbreaks of violence and fully investigate all incidents of shooting; and put an immediate end to the activities of undercover units and, in particular, to extrajudicial and summary executions perpetrated by such units;
7. The Group reiterates that contributions from donor countries should maintain their voluntary nature and neutrality and recalls further their commitment to contribute 0.7 per cent of their gross national product (GNP) to Official Development Assistance (ODA).
For example, it was proposed that the Secretary-General should produce a short report giving special recognition to those Member States that participate in the reporting system and listing, in an appendix without comment, those countries that have not reported.
6. The Fifth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
It was generally recognized that these changes would have to be pursued in a phased manner, taking into account the gradual need for more staff, office space and equipment to carry out the additional functions assigned to the Geneva office.
Notwithstanding what it would offer if selected as housing institution, UNDP would nevertheless support the GM as follows:
One of the pressing near-term needs of the Fund secretariat would be to enhance its computer systems and operations, through expansion and modernization.
Non-refrigerated liquefied gases shall be transported in portable tanks conforming to portable tank instruction T50 as described in 4.2.4.2.6 and any portable tank special provisions assigned to specific refrigerated liquefied gases in Column 11 of the Dangerous Goods List and described in 4.2.4.3.
The second set of off-site Internet training course has been scheduled by the Information Technology Services Division (ITSD) to take place from 17 to 24 November 1997.
By April 1998, more than 18,000 of these children had been reunited with their families, while roughly 6,000 remain in 48 institutions across the country of origin awaiting reunions.
10. Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraphs 8 and 9 above, their respective share in the Tax Equalization Fund of the total estimated staff assessment income of 665,000 dollars approved for the period ending 30 June 1998;
At the field level, UNDCP has succeeded in integrating drug control as a component in the programmes and activities of other United Nations bodies and agencies.
Informal consultations on agenda item 118 (Joint Inspection Unit (A/51/34, A/52/34, A/51/559 and Corr.1, A/52/206 and A/ 52/267))
7. For a better understanding of the final stage of the study, this report needs to be seen in the context of the Sub—Commission's work as a whole.
The Oliy Majlis of the Republic of Uzbekistan expresses its deep concern at the severe exacerbation of the military-political situation in Afghanistan.
Several dozen Palestinians quickly joined the Council members who announced that their presence there was a meeting of the parliament, the first such meeting in Jerusalem.
The two States consider that the five-party meeting held in Almaty on 3 July 1998 and the Declaration on its results that was adopted open up good prospects for strengthening security and cooperation in Central Asia.
He has consulted widely with the heads of UNICEF, UNHCR, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, UNDP, the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Department of Political Affairs, as well as with senior management committees, in order to develop a framework of institutional and operational collaboration in support of this agenda.
B. Replies received from Governments . 3
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/125), A/53/309.
As recommended in General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Second Committee will hold informal consultations on all organizational matters on Thursday, 9 October 1997, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 7.
994. The Committee also recommends that a legislative framework be adopted in order to encourage the establishment of national non-governmental organizations.
Nevertheless, all participants at the Conference are requested to check whether they require a visa.
I. Participation of non-governmental organizations 11-12 4
(b) Report of the Secretary-General (A/52/581);
Proposals for changing the present action threshold could be also considered.
As a result, the income earned through the sale of health services to foreigners amounted to more than 25 million of United States dollars.
The situation of the Roma minority had been raised during the consideration of Bulgaria’s proposed membership of the European Union and further measures would be implemented in cooperation with the Union.
The inhabitants of the Al Mawasi area near Khan Younis face particular difficulties in this respect since they are surrounded by land taken by Israeli settlements.
of the Philippines to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
The Committee also noted that the currency cost factor under the two-track pension adjustment system had been included in valuations as a loading factor in calculating the liabilities.
More than 130,000 refugees repatriated to Mali with the assistance of the international community.
Taking into account the fact that the economically more developed countries are in a position to make relatively larger contributions and that the economically less developed countries have a relatively limited capacity to contribute towards such an operation,
Each one has also been issued a locker in which documents are delivered whenever counsel are in Arusha.
5. Invites Parties and observers, where possible, to make contributions on a subregional or regional basis on this topic during the second session of the Committee.
The Advisory Committee was informed, upon enquiry, that the vacancy situation in the mission during the period under consideration was as follows: 21 per cent in civilian police, 18 per cent in international staff, 16 per cent in local staff and 10 per cent in United Nations volunteers.
The Committee continued its general discussion of the sub-items.
It reaffirms their unique contribution to the development and plurality of society (sect. I, para. 20; and sect. II, paras. 28-32).
These needed to be addressed, and his country was prepared to cooperate with UNCTAD to seek solutions to them.
44.1 Any Party to the Convention may propose annexes to this Protocol, and amendments to annexes to this Protocol.
C. Supplementary information: liquidation of the United Nations Civilian Police Mission in Haiti
Permits for each individual foreign trade transaction with arms or dual-use goods and technologies are issued by a special commission at the Ministry of Trade and Tourism.
The Committee notes with appreciation the steps taken by the State party to translate into Kabyè and Ewé the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
51. The Voluntary Trust Fund for Assistance in Mine Clearance was established by the Secretary-General on 30 November 1994 to enhance the United Nations capacity for assistance in mine clearance.
14. This interdependence of civil and political rights and of economic, social and cultural rights confirms their identical legal basis, even if each category of rights has its own rules.
The Council could invite, from time to time, executive heads and the chairpersons of the governing bodies of specialized agencies to interact with it on system-wide coordination and cooperation issues.
214. At its thirty-second session, the Working Group discussed the issue of incorporation by reference on the basis of various texts that were proposed as possible additions to the Model Law. That discussion was recorded in the report of the Working Group on the work of its thirty-second session (A/CN.9/446, paras. 14-23), together with the text of the various proposals that were considered by the Working Group.
Taking into account the fact that the economically more developed countries are in a position to make relatively larger contributions and that the economically less developed countries have a relatively limited capacity to contribute towards such an operation,
At the first meeting, held during the thirty-first session of the Commission, the Chairman underscored the importance of United Nations system involvement in the five-year review process and detailed the nature of the review.
156. The IMO Guidelines provide practical guidance on procedures to be followed by all the authorities and persons concerned in order that the return and repatriation of a stowaway may be achieved in an acceptable and humane manner.
A healthy non-governmental presence will create a concentration of skills and dedication and the ability to attract additional resources while multiplying the impact of those that already exist.
The Board noted that, even though the judges may have been engaged in the work of their respective tribunals prior to the first regular session of the tribunals, they did not immediately take up residence in their duty stations.
138. The Board recommends that the provisional guidelines be finalized and fully implemented.
As these are continuously emerging, it is difficult to forecast too far in advance the precise levels of resources that will be required in this Fund.
Kindergartens were operating at most centres.
liquid, flammable, 3/II 2.65 12.5.2 12.7.3 N. 12.22.2
Elections to fill vacancies in principal organs: election of five non-permanent members of the Security Council [15 (a)]. Committees
entitled “Sets of outstanding issues related to the expansion of the Security Council” (see annex XIX);
He was the seventh Chief of Staff of the Israel Defence Forces and in 1967 oversaw the reunification of Jerusalem.
UNHCR has encouraged countries to consider that persecution faced by women because of perceived transgressions of social mores should be recognized as grounds for refugee status.
16. The purposes and objectives, principles and guidelines that follow can only be regarded as generally accepted considerations at this stage of the development of nuclear-weapon-free zones, formulated on the basis of existing practices and experiences.
The Committee received details showing that all the mandates and objectives of the former subprogrammes had been maintained in the relevant subprogrammes of section 7A; the scope of technical cooperation activities in the Department should be viewed in conjunction with the activities described in section 21, Regular programme of technical cooperation.
B. Services infrastructure for development and trade efficiency assessment (agenda item 4)
134. Financing of the United Nations Assistance Mission for Rwanda.
14. In each sector, the impact of testing was examined, the larger context is described and priority actions were identified.
“It has been more than 15 years since the Human Rights Committee issued its general comment on article 4 of the Covenant.
Another important issue worth considering in this area is that of the “modes of delivery”, mentioned in the General Agreement on Trade in Services (GATS), which is part of the Uruguay Round package.
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL
Luis Manuel Peñalver (Venezuela), Presidential Commission, Centenario del Natalicio de Andrés Eloy Blanco, Fundación La Casa de Bello, Venezuela
The decisions of the respective Executive Boards and of the General Assembly shall be final in all aspects of such programmes.
The provisional agenda for the meeting of the Steering Committee is available at the Permanent Mission of Portugal (tel. (212) 759-9444) and at the office of the United Nations Youth Unit (DESA/ DSPD) ((212) 963-2791).
They focus on improving the understanding of the money-laundering phenomenon and the acceptance of the need for countermeasures; assisting Member States in developing strategies, effective laws and countermeasures against money-laundering; and improving international cooperation in this area.
“Israel’s position on these resolutions has been set forth in successive annual replies submitted to the Secretary-General in recent years, the latest of which being Israel’s note verbale of 28 July 1997.
Additionally, the Special Committee took into consideration the relevant documents of other intergovernmental bodies concerned, to which reference is made in the last preambular paragraph of the resolution it adopted on 10 July 1998 (see para. 8).
The Committee also encourages the State party to use the principles and provisions of the Convention as a framework for its programmes of international development assistance.
Development up to the definition phase has been carried out by CNES.
40. The Board noted that the Purchase and Transportation Section of the United Nations Office at Geneva is currently considering new procurement practices to provide more flexibility for small purchases below an agreed threshold and a volume purchase agreement to supply all other such purchases on the basis of a monthly invoice.
The annualized requirements would be presented in Swiss francs (this would conform with the WTO budget process).
(a) The early signature and ratification of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty See resolution 50/245. by all States with a view to its early entry into force, and cessation of nuclear tests pending its entry into force;
The right to restitution, compensation and rehabilitation for victims of grave violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms
8. The representative of France pointed out that, whereas the provisional agendas for Commissions 2 and 3 made appropriate reference to the least developed countries, annotations for Commission 1 made no such reference.
“(c) To continue to pay special attention to the small Territories, in particular through the dispatch of regular visiting missions, and to recommend to the General Assembly the most suitable steps to be taken to enable the populations of those Territories to exercise their right to self-determination and independence;
It had been announced that an open-ended group of interested Parties would meet immediately before the resumption of the AGBM (see document FCCC/AGBM/1997/8, paragraph 19).
Having examined the report of the Secretary-General, A/53/314 and Corr.2 and Add.1.
143. The Committee expresses concern that the Ministry of National Affairs, Employment Creation and Cooperation, as the National Machinery for the Advancement of Women, has no real power or responsibility to initiate and implement policy measures to eliminate discrimination against women.
The financial statements are the responsibility of the Executive Director.
The meeting was generally considered to be a success; it was well attended by ministers and senior officials dealing with finance, economic and development cooperation matters and generated a lively and substantive dialogue in an informal atmosphere and received good press coverage.
16. The definition of an asset indicates that where a cost incurred by an enterprise will result in future economic benefits, it would be capitalized and charged to income over the period in which those benefits are expected to be realized.
(e) Provide information, making use of the Conference of the Parties and other relevant existing forums, that will:
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Thirty-first Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/31/35).
In the absence of reliable baseline data on maternal mortality in most countries, it is very difficult to establish clear trends, but there is no compelling evidence indicating significant progress at the global level since 1990.
But there were no changes in sectoral productivity levels, and market entry rates fell. / See UNCTAD, Trade liberalization in Chile: Experiences and prospects (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.91.II.D.18), 1992.
Other information obtained by the COHCHR indicates that the five other men had also been tortured in order to force them to implicate Danh Teav in the murder he was accused of.
DPKO is attempting to recover these costs from the Governments involved.
If necessary, meetings will continue on 30 January 1998.
Personnel of the United Nations system have been repeatedly harassed and threatened by the Taliban Authorities.
Although the implementation of these agreements and arrangements varies, the commitment of most transit countries in general to improve transit services is unquestionable.
Finland also contributed to the globally operating international humanitarian and relief agencies, as core resources, a total of Fmk 43,000,000, some of which may also have been channelled to Somalia.
For example, some ECE norms and conventions in the field of transport had been adopted by a number of those countries.
Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples
5. Because of staffing constraints that persisted throughout all the reporting period, the traditional publications programme was somewhat reduced in terms of type of publication and frequency of issuance, as indicated below.
1. In section VII (c) of its resolution 51/226 of 3 April 1997, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to the Assembly a report on the appropriate action taken against personnel responsible for malpractices identified by the Board of Auditors.
Economic conditions had also been severe.
13. According to the World Health Report 1998, at least 120 countries (total population above 5 billion) currently have a life expectancy at birth of more than 60 years.
Western European and other States (Sweden)
The following outline for the second review The secretariat intends to review the first communication from Belgium, which was received on
The main activities described below are proposed for the biennium 1998-1999 in the five categories under the global programme for policy development and methodology.
This was relevant in the context of licensing agreement arrangements, including in connection with FDI.
It also attempts to answer a number of important questions which have arisen in this regard, such as the need for the United Nations to ensure a balanced geographical representation among its partners in civil society, or ways in which it can respond to the growing demands of NGOs for of access to information and increased participation.
88. Conference on Disarmament, second part [General Assembly resolutions 1722 (XVI), S-10/2 and 34/83 L]
His role is to be a public advocate and a voice for prevention, protection and rehabilitation.
10. Expresses grave concern about numerous instances of violations of human rights, including extrajudicial executions, torture, illegal arrests and detention, and violence in relation to political activities, as detailed in the reports of the Special Representative, including those of March 1997 and July 1997 and during the recent election campaign and its immediate aftermath, and calls upon the Government of Cambodia to investigate urgently and prosecute, in accordance with due process of the law and international standards relating to human rights, all those who have perpetrated human rights violations;
Special Representative of the Secretary-General
The Committee agreed with the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee that IADC should be invited to make a technical presentation on its work to the Subcommittee at its thirty-sixth session (A/AC.105/697, para. 91).
Accordingly, of the total external audit costs of $397,200, the Standing Committee had proposed that the additional $157,600 be charged to the Fund's budget, resulting in a UN/UNJSPF cost-sharing ratio of approximately 60/40 per cent, pending completion of the longer-term study in 1998 of the appropriate UN/UNJSPF cost-sharing arrangements for both the internal and external audit costs.
The list was adopted by the Council in its resolution 1191 (1998) of 27 August 1998 and was formally conveyed to the President of the General Assembly by letter dated 27 August 1998 from the President of the Security Council (A/52/1023).
Replace the text of existing subparagraph (d) (new subparagraph (e)) with the following:
c Vacancy rates as forecasted in the initial budget estimates have been calculated on the basis of the phasing-in schedule contained in the budget rather than the authorized staffing.
50. UNIFEM work on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women focuses on increasing the number of women’s groups working on and monitoring the implementation of the Convention; promoting non-governmental organizations understanding of and efforts to lift or narrow reservations to the Convention; improving the legal and social status of women; and ensuring that women are better informed about their rights.
13. Also calls upon the Secretary-General to exert all efforts to ensure that information to be presented to the media is made available to delegations fully and in a timely fashion;
73. In 1997, the Government of Luxembourg donated 10 million Luxembourg francs (Lux F) to ICRC for humanitarian relief and Lux F 6 million to WHO for medical assistance.
Draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.10 was consequently withdrawn by its sponsors.
C. The meeting of the Ulema Commission in Islamabad
I would be grateful if you could bring the contents of the present letter to the attention of members of the General Assembly.
2. In the establishment of a preliminary estimate of resources for the biennium 2000–2001, the current level of appropriations, namely, $2,532.3 million, was taken as the starting-point.
158. The new managerial structure in Vienna presents an opportunity to maximize the resource base of the programme, first, by fostering synergies between the crime and drug programmes, and second, by ensuring that the resources of the programme are entirely devoted to the execution of the mandated work and that those in charge of the programme are sufficiently empowered to authorize expenditures from the programme’s appropriation.
The programme also collaborates with the Division for the Advancement of Women (DAW), INSTRAW, UNIFEM and UNEP within the United Nations system.
Statements were made by the representatives of Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union), Egypt, Monaco and China.
The four previous education programmes had focused on remote sensing and geographic information systems (two courses), satellite communications and satellite meteorology.
14. In its work on enterprise development strategy, UNCTAD was seeking closer cooperation with other United Nations bodies, notably with UNIDO, ITC, ILO and the United Nations regional commissions.
United Nations Decade of International Law: draft guiding principles for international negotiations
Factors contributing to this bias are the larger firms’ greater economic and political influence (which is in part a consequence of their larger individual contribution to corporate taxes) and the greater influence they command in umbrella organisations such as chambers of commerce.
The Committee recommends the establishment of an independent mechanism specifically to monitor the implementation of government policy in relation to the rights of the child.
47. A certain proportion of resources are devoted to providing various types of operational assistance, usually in the form of advisory missions or training seminars.
When the manufacturing process or the materials make it necessary, the shells shall be suitability heat-treated to guarantee adequate toughness in the weld and in the heat affected zones.
3. Two important peacekeeping missions have been carried out in Central America under the authority of the Security Council: the United Nations Observer Group in Central America (ONUCA) (November 1989–January 1992) and the United Nations Observer Mission in El Salvador (ONUSAL) (July 1991–April 1995).
The missile and bomb strikes do not solve the problem; they cause the death of innocent civilians and destabilize the situation in the entire region.
Research, training and extension services in agriculture are particularly important for the diversification process, as illustrated in box 5, and diversification is frequently an important objective of such services.
Location Seri, Village Bandala (District Bhimber), Azad Jammu and Kashmir (600 metres from the line of control inside Azad Jammu and Kashmir.
or compound solution2,10 or compound dispersion2,10,
1. Article 3, paragraphs 1 and 2, of the statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal (General Assembly resolution 351 A (IV) of 24 November 1949) provides as follows:
UNDCP initiated the second phase of the integrated area development programme in Lebanon in October 1996.
The suggestion was made to replace the draft ancillary offences with the text of article 2 (3) of the Terrorist Bombings Convention.
Rapporteur: Mr. Djamel MOKTEFI (Algeria)
32. The National Cooperative Council of Hungary reported that after the transformation of the cooperative system, owing to the so-called Unified Cooperative Law of 1992, there were some acts restricting the autonomy of cooperatives, primarily the agricultural ones, and in particular, their right to dispose of their properties.
3. Expert Meeting on Trade and Investment Impacts of Environmental Management Standards, Particularly the ISO 14000 Series, on Developing Countries;
(h) Protection of the environment, the ozone layer, solar cooking and indigenous knowledge;
372. In accordance with paragraph 8 of the annex to Economic and Social Council resolution 2008 LX of 14 May 1976, the thirty-ninth session of the Committee shall be of four weeks’ duration.
They will prepare a report assessing a Party's implementation of its obligations, identifying any areas of apparent non-compliance, as well as potential problems in achieving obligations.
He outlined China's reforms aimed at creating an enabling environment for foreign direct investment and pointed to the positive contributions that foreign investment had made to the economic growth of China in recent years.
In spite of tariff reductions as a result of the Uruguay Round, however, the post Uruguay Round bound rates will continue to display considerable tariff escalation for processed products, particularly in the EU and Japanese markets.
UNCCD has been ratified by China in December 1996.
Grand Cross of the Gwanghwa Order of Merit for Diplomatic Service of Korea.
144. The representative described several temporary special measures which had been adopted by the Government, including education committees relating to women, the appointment of women to decision-making positions and poverty alleviation measures to improve the economic status of women.
of Morocco to the United Nations addressed to the
Weaknesses in the management and control of procurement operations created a climate that may have fostered fraud and financial abuse.
A multi-stakeholder approach was mentioned.
Non-governmental organizations are an important source of information for the United Nations human rights machinery.
6. The United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) continues to provide support to States parties at all stages of the implementation and reporting process.
Sustainable Development and international economic cooperation
246. Scientific and Technical Committee on the International Decade for Natural Disaster Reduction [General Assembly resolution 44/236]
This to take place through a flexible system of working groups
(f) Improvement of the energy efficiency of plants for the provision of low temperature heat (for example industrial cogeneration plant, heating boilers or similar devices) and other small combustion plants, and regular examination of such plants;
34. The Committee recognized the need for effective systems at the intergovernmental and departmental levels to ensure that the activities correspond to the mandates reflected in the medium-term plan and programme budgets, as well as the need to monitor and evaluate the quality of performance.
On the Panel’s instructions, the secretariat transmitted copies of such Orders to Iraq.
Along with children from single-headed households and street children, refugee children face specific psychosocial problems as their original cultural identities are often destroyed and they are exposed to widespread discrimination.
Some 2,000 merchants aged 30 and over were also allowed to enter Israel, thus raising to 4,000 the number of merchants allowed into the country.
So what I am about to say must be taken as another contribution to this dialogue, allowing us to reflect on the outcome of the dialogue and to go forward.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives: report of the Third Committee (Part IV) (A/52/644/Add.3*);
These included the activation of the Road Accident Victim's Compensation Fund, establishment of a control mechanism to ensure compliance as regards premiums and compensations, adherence to standard and periodicity of reporting by insurers, strict application of licensing requirements including tests of competence and training needs, consolidation of insurance laws and regulations, and developing the technical capabilities of officials involved in the formulation of insurance policy and determination of premiums and their allocation.
However, since 15 July 1974, the Council has adopted a number of resolutions that required the Force to perform certain additional or modified functions relating, in particular, to the maintenance of the ceasefire.
III. List of staff members who have lost their lives since 1 July 1997
Where required, the Office of Human Resources Management, in consultation with the Office of the Special Adviser on Gender Issues and Advancement of Women, will establish occupational targets for the recruitment, placement and promotion of women.
No Mauritanian can thus give any valid reason based on a well—founded fear in order to claim refugee status.
Recognizing that an enhanced level of transparency relating to both conventional weapons and weapons of mass destruction and transfers of equipment and technologies directly related to the development and manufacture of such weapons, as well as to high technology with military applications, would promote stability, strengthen regional and international peace and security, and accelerate efforts towards general and complete disarmament,
305. The Commission requested the secretariat, in close collaboration with the organizations and the United Nations Staff College, to continue to refine the training/learning modules to ensure that they met the needs of the organizations.
As reflected in part III of the agreed conclusions, the Council, at this segment, took a number of steps to harmonize the intergovernmental consideration of poverty eradication and to ensure that the different dimensions of poverty are covered in a complementary way by its functional commissions and by the Council itself, also taking into account other fora, in particular policy-making organs of specialized agencies.
They should also seek to promote a culture of sharing innovative approaches and best practices in respect of TCDC and ECDC, including innovative financing arrangements.
As a result of the critical security situation, it became necessary to evacuate all internationally recruited staff from Kivu.
7. The converging strategic orientation of TCDC and ECDC described above has set the stage for the emergence of new patterns of South-South cooperation that are likely to exercise an important influence on the direction of international development cooperation in the current climate of globalization.
The Tribunal has also facilitated the permanent establishment in Arusha of the media, including three news services and non-governmental organizations dealing with communications: Fondation Hirondelle, of Switzerland; Intermedia, of France; and Internews, from the United States of America.
To help overcome these problems, ECE is supporting the following: (a) favourable national policies on microenterprises and microcredit organizations; (b) evaluation of current experiences through surveys and workshops; (c) elaboration of medium-term and long-term capacity-building programmes to create cost-effective and self-sustaining microcredit organizations; and (d) creation of long-term national and international grants and funds to implement national programmes.
It could identify how such cooperation could be improved, including specific measures that could be adopted by States.
Principal subjects of concern and the Committee’s recommendations
They underscored their great concern at the situation which continued to cause the loss of many human lives, and also substantial material damage and indescribable suffering to the population, inter alia, to refugees and displaced persons.
25. The report informs the General Assembly of the activities of the Committee and presents its views on its specific role and functions as well as its programme and methods of working.
The Mission’s mandate was extended by subsequent Council resolutions, the latest of which was resolution 1086 (1996) of 5 December 1996, by which the Council extended the mandate of UNSMIH until 31 May 1997.
But there are a number of practical steps that the nuclear-weapon States can, and should, take immediately.
Enhancing existing and/or building new international centres and networksThe term “building new” refers to a new capability at an existing physical facility or institution.
The prohibited discrimination relates not only to prices but also to the other terms of the transaction.
The same can also be said of systematic violations of human rights.
(d) Regional confidence-building measures: activities of the United Nations Standing Advisory Committee on Security Questions in Central Africa
Concerning subparagraph (d), this delegation felt that, in keeping with the compromise in relation to the MLM Convention, a vessel should not be arrested for claims which arose out of the damage in connection with the carriage of oil or other hazardous or noxious substances for which compensation was payable to the claimants pursuant to international conventions or national law providing for strict liability and compulsory insurance.
Although the level of imports in most cases is relatively low for processed horticultural products, in some markets (e.g. Republic of Korea, for the import of orange juice, frozen vegetables and canned mushrooms) there has been significant growth in the value of trade over the last 5 years.
409. The nineteenth meeting of the Helsinki Commission was held at Helsinki from 23 to 27 March 1998.
One delegation pointed out that the translation of the terms “claim”, “claimant” and “maritime claim” into Arabic should be reviewed.
Despite a number of changes of direction, by the will of historical fate the main arteries of the Great Silk Road passed through the territory of Kyrgyzstan.
From domestic violence to brutalization in war, from harmful traditional practices to outright female infanticide, the status quo remains intolerable.
1. On 9 December 1997, the General Assembly adopted resolution 52/38 E, entitled “Observance of environmental norms in the drafting and implementation of agreements on disarmament and arms control”, operative paragraph 3 of which reads as follows:
After the 1998 election, still fewer than 10 per cent of the members of the National Assembly are female.
The restoration of political pluralism, by means of amending the Constitution, has enabled the whole population to participate in all aspects of public affairs (art. 25).
In addition, a reduction factor of 25 per cent has been applied to compensate for vehicles that are out of service for repairs and the drawdown of personnel.
Descriptions of non-recurrent costs are contained in section B and a supplementary explanation of the cost estimates is provided in section C.
It was not true to say that “entrepreneurs are born”; training in entrepreneurial skills was also important.
Pursuant to its article 19, the International Convention is to enter into force on the thirtieth day following the date of deposit of the twenty-second instrument of ratification or accession with the Secretary-General.
Largely successful operations of this type were carried out in Angola, Mozambique and Namibia.
IV. International economic cooperation for development
The Administration explained that five of the waivers, amounting to $70,063, resulted from oversights at a time when the Fund was experiencing an exceptionally heavy workload and was introducing its new computer system (PENSYS).
32. The correspondence between the acts of a State constituting an international crime and the acts of individuals acting on behalf of the State which together amount to that international crime is far from complete.
The membership of the Committee of Actuaries, established under article 9 of the Regulations, is given in annex XII.
40. During the twenty-second meeting of the Standing Committee of Caribbean Statisticians (4–7 November 1997, Saint Lucia), organized by CARICOM, INSTRAW presented a paper “Measuring unwaged work for inclusion in national accounts”.
It had before it the following documents: FCCC/SBI/1997/19 and Add.1, FCCC/SBI/1997/20; FCCC/SBI/1997/INF.4 and INF.6; FCCC/SBSTA/1997/13 and FCCC/SB/1997/6.
6. The operational plan and requirements for MONUA, as set out in detail in section II of the report of the Secretary-General of 23 September 1997 (A/52/385) remains unchanged with the exception of the military component.
Thus, renewed consideration might be given by Member States to making multi-year pledges of their voluntary contributions.
The debt profile of African countries for the years 1995 and 1996 is given in table 5.
The Convention was still subject to a large number of reservations and even though laws and policies to implement the Convention had been introduced, de facto implementation was still impeded by entrenched attitudes that were in contradistinction to the principles of the Convention.
27. Pursuant to article 43 of the Agreement, four States (China, France, Netherlands, Uruguay) and the European Community made declarations upon signature, and four States (Mauritius, Norway, Russian Federation, United States of America) upon ratification or accession.
At the enterprise level, managers need to learn how to evaluate and manage risk - how to account for risk in their business plans, how to reduce cash flow volatility by forward contracting and price risk management, and how to reduce marketing risks by, among other things, better logistics.
Furthermore, one of the comparative advantages of the Office is its ability to respond on a timely basis to changes in demand.
1. In its resolution 51/55 of 10 December 1996, entitled “The maintenance of international security – prevention of the violent disintegration of States”, the General Assembly requested Member States to communicate to the Secretary-General their views on the issue.
(a) There continue to be shortcomings in the completion of receipt and inspection reports to confirm that goods have been received in satisfactory condition;
The COP1 agenda essentially defines the implementation of the instruments of the Convention.
5. Bearing in mind the relevant provisions of the Convention and the recommendations of the INCD, the COP may wish to consider any recommendations from the Committee on Science and Technology regarding the establishment of the roster, including possible guidance to the Secretariat as to steps to be undertaken for making the roster more balanced in terms of geographical distribution, disciplines and gender representation.
At the 3rd meeting, on 10 December, statements were made on behalf of environmental non-governmental organizations and by a representative of local governments.
Any Party not included in Annex I to the Convention that has expressed its intention to be bound by Article 4.2(a) and (b) of the Convention in accordance with Article 4.2(g) of the Convention, may in its instrument of ratification, acceptance, approval or accession to this Protocol, or at any time thereafter, notify the Depositary that it intends to be bound by Articles 3 to 5 (see paragraphs 110 and 174, 204-204.3 and 154-154.2) of this Protocol.
Global financial flows and their impact on developing countries: addressing the matter of volatility
Fiscal incentives are in place for the installation of new equipment needed in the use of renewable sources of energy for domestic consumers.
This separation, initiated by the Bureau at COP 1, was originally inspired by the perception that access by NGOs to delegations during meetings could be abused.
Many delegations noted that developing countries bear a disproportionate share of the burden of hosting refugees or reintegrating returnees and can only provide these services through support engendered in a spirit of international solidarity.
11. Adoption of the report of the Executive Committee on its forty-ninth session.
Welcoming also the response of Member States to the request contained in paragraphs 9 and 10 of resolution 46/36 L to provide data on their imports and exports of arms, as well as available background information regarding their military holdings, procurement through national production and relevant policies,
Items 46 and 113 (a) of the preliminary list*
The Secretary-General pointed out in his report that such restrictions were not in line with the practices in United Nations peacekeeping operations, and could have a negative public relations impact on the peace process.
22. ASYCUDA could assist Customs in ensuring the effective collection of revenue and increasing enterprise competitiveness.
3. Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
51. In 1996–1997, UNFPA incurred rental costs of $6.9 million for its headquarters, eight country support team offices and 94 field offices, and a further $2.45 million on premises-related costs, such as maintenance, custodial and cleaning services.
The regional report is expected to be available by 15 December 1998.
No provision was made under this heading.
With regard to measurement, responsibilities were assigned to national and municipal institutions of the host country and, in some cases, to private organizations of the host country.
For example, it was recommended that programme managers in the field should have maximum delegated authority and that United Nations administrative rules should reflect this.
For currency areas with few education grant levels, the maximum admissible expenditure adjustment mechanism is triggered only if a minimum of five claims exceed the existing maximum admissible expenditure limit.
The threat of a worldwide deflationary spiral must be countered and the current financial turmoil must not be allowed to turn into global economic recession.
32. It is also noted that a number of republics have adopted laws which guarantee the rights of national minorities, indigenous peoples and small ethnic groups.
Globalization should not lead to interference in internal affairs, nor should it entail the adoption of coercive measures or the imposition of models of economic development that could adversely affect economic and social conditions in developing countries.
181. On 15 December, backed by more than 20 cement trucks and heavy tractors, the IDF imposed a curfew on the West Bank village of Azira Shamalya, where it demolished two houses and sealed two others that were attached to other homes.
He has participated in international conferences with contributions on the International Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, organized at Strasbourg, France, in 1993 by the Committee on Criminal Issues of the Council of Europe (CDCP); in 1993, on conscientious objection to military service; and in 1995, on the organization and competence of the military judicature held in Budapest in the framework of the Expo international conference.
It was also attended by representatives of 8 United Nations offices and programmes, 7 specialized agencies, 5 intergovernmental organizations and 122 non-governmental organizationsFor the full list of participants, see document FCCC/1997/INF.4.
More than 100 home-based schools were operating at Kabul, providing education to more than 6,500 children, half of whom were girls.
29. The Economic and Social Council, in its resolution 1997/61, stressed the need to promote further integrated and coordinated implementation and follow-up of the major international conferences in the social, economic and related fields, and convened a resumed session from 13 to 15 May 1998 to consider this question.
Comments from the Department, received on 13 April 1998, have been taken into account and, where appropriate, are shown in italics.
The Board concluded that the Information Section had taken steps to address what it perceives are the immediate issues for the Office’s information technology systems.
A daily allowance for incidental expenses is paid to all military personnel at a rate of $1.28 per person per day, payable in local currency.
National focal points of non-governmental organizations have been named, as well as NGO focal points of non-governmental organizations on specific substantive issues.
1. Requests the Secretary-General, through his Special Representative for human rights in Cambodia, in collaboration with the office in Cambodia of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, to assist the Government of Cambodia in ensuring the protection of the human rights of all people in Cambodia and to ensure adequate resources for the continued functioning in Cambodia of the Office of the High Commissioner and to enable the Special Representative to continue to fulfil his tasks expeditiously;
These efforts are carried out usually at the specific request of, and in close coordination with, the Inter-Agency Standing Committee and the Executive Committee for Humanitarian Affairs.
Taking these circumstances into account, UNDP has prepared a programme strategy for the period 1997–2000.
to the Secretary-General I have the honour to refer to the statements made by Greek Cypriot representatives at the meeting of the Sixth Committee on 22 October 1998, under agenda item 153, entitled "Establishment of an international criminal court", in which unfounded allegations were made with a view to distorting the nature of the Cyprus question.
(i) Project expenditures with respect to UNEP projects undertaken by cooperating agencies and supporting organizations are recorded in the UNEP accounts on the basis of actual expenditure of funds reported by them to UNEP.
Until such time, the return of urban refugees from Conakry and some other cities in the subregion to Freetown is being facilitated.
7. Reform of the financial architecture should address weaknesses and gaps in the existing regulatory framework for cross-border lending and financial flows.
(a) Channels for Government-private sector dialogue
“Supporting the current efforts being undertaken by the newly independent and developing landlocked States in Central Asia and their transit developing neighbours through relevant multilateral, bilateral and regional arrangements to address issues regarding the development of a viable transit infrastructure in the region,
Between 0640 and 0710 hours Israeli forces and the Lahad militia fired a number of 155-mm artillery shells at the environs of Mayfadun, Zibqin, Majdal Zun and Zawtar al-Gharbiyah from their positions at Zafatah, Sharifah and on Tall Ya`qub.
Once gains have been achieved, they will be verified to ensure they do not impact on programme delivery.
The Government of Denmark recommends that the Government of Lebanon reconsider their reservations to [the said Convention].”
(e) Offenders who commit major drug law offences (e.g., control of manufacture, smuggling) and, in most cases, other crimes (e.g., violent crimes, financial crimes, such as money laundering, corruption) in order to safeguard their trafficking networks and their assets.
Mild steel means a steel with a guaranteed minimum tensile strength of 360 N/mm2 to 440 N/mm2 and a guaranteed minimum elongation at fracture conforming to 6.6.3.3.3.3;
The Administration of Justice and Human Rights for East European Countries: Report of a United Nations Training Course (Moscow, 21–25 November 1988) (HR/PUB/89/2)
Contributions from Denmark, Norway, Sweden and the United States also enabled the Office to develop additional efforts linked to the Machel Study follow-up strategy, including the establishment of four regional policy officers for refugee children, the action for the rights of children training programme and conflict resolution and peace education initiatives.
In general, Parties did not specify whether their forests are totally managed or not.
There will be a video-conference (Geneva-New York) on Thursday, 23 October 1997, at 10 a.m. sharp in Conference Room 2, in connection with the joint closing session of the high-level segment of the Trade and Development Board and the Second Committee.
At 2040 hours Israeli forces fired six illumination flares over Ahmadiyah hill from their positions in the occupied strip.
Proposals for improvements to these measures form part of the project’s output, reported in a series of publications.
(a) Office of the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General in Sierra Leone
Annex I DOCUMENTS BEFORE THE AD HOC GROUP ON ARTICLE 13 AT ITS FIFTH SESSION
The Parties shall make every effort to reach agreement on any proposed annex or amendment to an annex by consensus.
In a letter addressed to the Prime Minister on 10 June, the Secretary-General has offered to encourage and facilitate this process.
On instructions from my Government, I have the honour to transmit to you a press release issued by the Government of the Republic of Burundi concerning the situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (see annex).
of Pakistan to the United Nations addressed to the
4. Finally, in interpreting the provisions of the Declaration, various cultural, religious, economic and social backgrounds of societies must be taken into account.
Closed consultations among members of the Security Council and troop contributors on the United Nations Mission of Observers in Tajikistan (UNMOT) will be held today, 12 November 1997, at 4 p.m. in Conference Room 7. Announcement
Real and sustainable solutions to these problems can only be found at the global level through the development of new partnerships between all the parties involved.
Taking note of the statement made by the Chief Minister of Montserrat on 22 May 1998 on the occasion of the observance of the Week of Solidarity with the Peoples of All Colonial Territories Fighting for Freedom, Independence and Human Rights,
Topics such as the preparation of a document that would identify and prioritize unscheduled commitments, to be presented to the Follow-up Commission, are being discussed.
REVIEW OF THE EFFICIENCY OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AND FINANCIAL FUNCTIONING OF THE UNITED NATIONS
9. The issue of the nature of the exercise being undertaken with respect to the document submitted by Mr. Hatano and the follow—up to be given to it was also raised in the course of the debate.
14. At its 42nd meeting, on 1 December, on the proposal of the Chairman, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that it take note of chapters I to V, VIII (sects. A-C and E-H) and X of the report of the Economic and Social Council1 and of the report of the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund on the United Nations Population Award (A/53/406, annex) (see para. 19, draft decision I).
DOCUMENTS BEFORE THE SUBSIDIARY BODY FOR SCIENTIFIC AND
In the Gaza Strip, a total of 15 staff members were arrested and detained by the Palestinian Authority, compared with 18 in the preceding reporting period.
Document: Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Secretary-General of UNCTAD (resolution 51/168), A/53/331.
Under the programme, 940 principals and teachers, from schools in 18 municipalities, were trained.
49. No provision is made under this heading.
(c) The situation in Central America: MINUGUA (1 January to 31 December 1999) (A/C.5/53/32 and Corr.1, A/53/674 and A/C.5/53/SR.33)
However, this resource should only be utilized under the oversight and control of the Office of Human Resources Management, which must ensure that the conditions enumerated in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Secretary-General’s report are strictly observed.”
Detained at Gitarama, Rwanda, since 6 June 1996
However, provision of general temporary assistance resources is proposed for the Accounts Division ($158,900) to deal with the backlog in the processing of inter-office vouchers and the recording of field accounts at Headquarters; for the Administrative Law Unit of the Office of Human Resources Management ($123,400) to deal with the backlog of peacekeeping-related disciplinary cases and staff appeals; and for the Medical Services Division of the Office of Human Resources Management ($123,400) to deal with the backlog of peacekeeping-related claims from troop-contributing countries for reimbursement of medical treatment provided after the troops had returned to their home countries and for death and disability cases.
Item 6 of the provisional agendaE/CN.7/1997/1.
These additional requirements would, however, be addressed by the release of meeting rooms used by human rights bodies, if, in taking into consideration the information already provided in paragraph 12 of the report of the Secretary-General (A/C.5/52/19/Add.1), the Palais Wilson accommodates an estimated 680 human rights meetings per year.
The SBSTA and the SBI took note of the synthesis report by the secretariat on activities implemented jointly (FCCC/SBSTA/1997/12 and Corr.1 and 2, and Add.1) as well as of the concise update containing preliminary findings with regard to work on methodological issues (FCCC/SBSTA/1997/INF.3).
The representative of Poland also made a statement.
"Greenhouse gas emission mitigation certificate" an environmental mechanism and financial instrument by means of which the Annex I Parties can demonstrate their contribution as financial partners in the implementation of joint implementation projects, making it possible to reduce global emissions that cause the greenhouse effect, generating overall environmental benefits that make themselves felt through the certification of metric tons of carbon equivalent offset, which, taken together, represents the value of the investment made in mitigation.
The Committee adopted the draft resolution.
These briefings should be arranged [as soon as possible]/[immediately] after such meetings or informal consultations.
designing and developing, in close collaboration with other partner organizations, innovative ways of disseminating and collecting bibliographic information.
The Committee continued its consideration of the second periodic report of the Dominican Republic (E/1990/6/Add.7).
The report is being prepared by the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
X. Action to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session
1073. The Committee also recommends that the State party review the system of data collection and analysis and identify appropriate disaggregated indicators with a view to addressing all areas of the Convention and all groups of children in society.
(i) The inner packagings are of similar design to the tested inner packagings (e.g. shape - round, rectangular, etc);
Announcements Advance unedited copy of the report of the Secretary-General on “Funding modalities of operational activities as requested by the Economic and Social Council” is available for pick-up from room S-2994.
What is more, even countries that publish their own disaggregated figures may require some technical assistance to adjust their information to the United Nations categories.
The total number of refugees and displaced persons is not known, but estimates range from 100,000 to 150,000.
81. Civil society, in particular human rights groups and national non-governmental organizations, play an important role in the reconstruction of justice and the establishment of a rule of law in Rwanda.
They reiterated their support for the dynamic and pragmatically oriented management of the Department and for its innovative approach to its information tasks and expressed appreciation to the entire staff for their dedicated work.
Paragraph 26.6 (old) Replace paragraph 26.6 with the following:
23. The Secretary-General of OAU and the Executive Secretary of ECA directed in February 1998 that the cooperation between their respective institutions be reviewed so that corrective measures could be taken in those areas that required strengthening.
The electronic conference held jointly with the Henry L. Stimson Center (Washington, D.C.) in January is an example of such an activity.
149. There is an ongoing process of capacity-building in the field of evaluation at the country level.
A breakdown of CO2 emission reductions by sector is presented in table 7.
According to our projections, funds carried over into next year will be minimal.
As of 18 August 1998, 51 field offices had responded.
The Group was dissolved following the conclusion of the second consecutive transfer of power to a democratically elected Government in January 1997.
2. For years now, the Republic of Albania has been the main source of threats to the peace and stability of its neighbours and the entire region.
However, DPKO requests for similar support in other missions has had to be declined because of the inability to fill vacancies and difficulty of responding to the growing work demands placed on the Division at Headquarters.
(d) In paragraph 6.8 (b), replace To facilitate with To contribute to the implementation of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s in facilitating;
(d) Assistance to the Palestinian people
IX. Resources made available and operating costs for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1998
41. Cooperation between IFAD and NGOs effectively began in 1980 with the Fund’s support to the Small Farmer Agricultural Credit Project in Bangladesh.
The SBSTA may also wish to urge Parties to provide the secretariat with information on planning and decision tools, including software relevant for adaptation to climate change, on topics such as health, water, coastal zone, natural ecosystems, agriculture and urban areas, and to encourage their research and development institutions to co-operate with the secretariat in the formulation of focused papers on adaptation technologies.
In the short term, therefore, pressure on companies in developing countries to implement EMS is likely to run through the supply chain of TNCs and their subsidiaries.
111. The Board examined 4 missions that were funded from the regular budget and 13 special missions during the 18-month period ended 30 June 1997.
This may include armed escorts, evacuation assistance, and “over the horizon” back-up.
65. No provision is made under this heading, since the budget of the Logistics Base will be presented separately to the General Assembly.
49. An interesting example of such interactive private-public modalities are the generic marketing drives undertaken by governments and sectoral associations in Colombia to market coffee or in Thailand to promote silk.
At the time of the next review, the Commission decided that the amounts of hazard pay for both categories of staff would be examined.
31. The Organization’s cash position is weak, and getting weaker, with unpaid assessments decreasing slowly.
Vice-Chairman, Life and Distinguished Member, Nepal Red Cross Society, Kathmandu.
This will sometimes call for a horizontal approach in looking, for example, at common services and how they function in different duty stations, a project scheduled for the fall of 1998.
The initiative supported the construction and equipping of two schools in peri-urban areas where the majority of war-displaced people live.
62. Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, twentieth session [Economic and Social Council resolutions 1982/33, 1985/17 and 1995/39]
In addition, the tendency of those starting to abuse heroin is not to inject at first.
First, some types of activities do not exist in all Parties (e.g. rice cultivation or coal mining).
Trade Points have a practical set of objectives: they should: (1) allow the enhancement of local awareness (in government and in the business community) of the potential for trade efficiency and international competitiveness of better business practices and adequate use of information technologies; (2) contribute to the lowering of transaction costs for local importers and exporters, in particular by offering a "single window" for trade procedures and low-cost tools for participating in information-intensive sectors of international trade such as electronic commerce; and (3) promote the adoption of internationally recognized norms and standards for trade transactions and trade-related documentation.
They affirm that they are prepared to continue and deepen such exchanges, since they not only enhance trust and mutual understanding in the bilateral relationship, but also advance the positive process of improving confidence-building measures and securing transparency in the field of Asia-Pacific security.
67. The following activities, totalling $12,300, were undertaken:
6. The United Nations system has, to date, made considerable progress in advancing the status of women and their human rights.
Army sources revealed that, between 1990 and 1997, 480 people had been killed or injured, including 134 dead and 249 injured civilians.
Additional models, in which the assumed real rates of return on investments ranged from 2 per cent to 5 per cent higher than the assumed 5 per cent rate of inflation, were also prepared.
The Committee is concerned that Arab women citizens of Israel have in some cases been required to relinquish their citizenship should they marry a Palestinian and apply for residence in the occupied territories.
491. The English version of the Web site has been publicly accessible for over two years.
Suggested changes to the Financial Regulations relating to the establishment of the Fund are set out in annex 1.
Under its early—warning and urgent procedures, the Committee adopted three decisions and one resolution at its forty-ninth session.
I have the honour to draw your attention to the attached statement issued on 12 May 1998 by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine in response to the underground nuclear tests conducted by India on 11 May 1998.
In accordance with rule 157 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, the Committee shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to it under the Financial Regulations of the United Nations.
Measures shall be taken to prevent dangerous electrostatic discharge.
In the present phase of consideration of this issue, it might be advisable if the SBSTA were to address all aspects of this issue, such as technology identification, assessment and development as well as transfer of technology.
Nevertheless, taking account of the clear inadequacy of existing funding and the apparent certainty of continuing budgetary stringency within the Organization as a whole, they believed that it was now appropriate to build upon an approach which seemed capable of immediately increasing the support available, which was to seek voluntary funding for the work of the six treaty bodies.
Such neighbourhood initiatives would seek commitments from States and non-state parties to take concrete collective measures to better protect children in their neighbourhoods.
The field security officer (FSO) is responsible for all physical measures related to crisis readiness and prevention at the duty station, and is directly accountable to the designated official.
A dominant position is not reprehensible in itself; only abuses resulting from such domination are prohibited under article 8 of the Act.
REPORT OF THE EXPERT MEETING ON INVESTMENT PROMOTION AND DEVELOPMENT OBJECTIVES
In contrast to the treatment of the Klecka site, Glodjane and others subsequently discovered appear to have been treated more carefully and clinically by government authorities and the media.
It was the view of the Secretary-General that the proposal to revise the rates of honorariums by 25 per cent, made in 1992, was still valid, and thus it was resubmitted to the Assembly for consideration at its forty-seventh session.
Less: Decreased appropriation for the biennium 1996-1997 (resolution 51/222 A)
Report of the International Law Commission on the work of its forty-ninth session [147]
The motive of the Japanese imperialists for committing the forced drafting and kidnapping lies in the fact that it was a direct result of the adventurous war of aggression provoked by Japan itself.
Strategies were needed to ensure that the results of joint research and development projects would be retained in developing countries.
To that end, the Asia/Africa Forum for the Economic Empowerment of Women, organized by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs, UNDP, and the Governments of Japan and Thailand, adopted a framework for action.
It expected the relocation, when completed, to facilitate improved management and provide a more rational and cohesive office layout.
The Board, therefore, recommended that, as part of the ongoing reforms, the administration determine and implement the optimum ratio of personnel engaged in programme activities to those engaged in administration and management (ibid., paras. 117-119).
At 1750 hours the client militia fired seven 81-mm shells towards the south-eastern part of the Kafr Falus area.
1. The Bureau shall meet upon the recommendation of the Secretary-General of UNCTAD whenever matters falling within the terms of rule 77 must be considered.
The fact that some States may be stocking or developing such weapons clandestinely remains a serious threat to world peace, however.
Democracy is based on a constitutional limitation of the powers of the legislator, the Government and the judiciary.
With regard to discussions on alternative arrangements for management of the investments, the representative of the Secretary-General stated that the bulk of the funds continued to be managed internally, although six firms had discretionary management of small capitalization companies and the Fund had four institutional advisers.
UNIFEM addresses that situation by strengthening women’s capacity to advocate for themselves, influence the peace process, and create new, ethical frameworks for governance and development during reconstruction.
It was only during the first half of 1998 that the management was able to provide the additional space needed to set up the third courtroom and provide for the additional staff that were expected.
Furthermore, the mid-term reviews of the various conferences are providing a comprehensive picture of results achieved.
Physical location of the Permanent Secretariat of the Convention
The refinancing agreements were to be completed by March 1998 but would be voluntary on the part of creditors.
In particular, the reference in that paragraph of the annex to Article 24, paragraph 2, of the Charter should be incorporated.
However, it was being administered by UNPF until 30 June 1996.
An effort has also been made to include information on the humanitarian, human rights and development work of the Organization, in addition to the political, while respecting the need to focus on the newsworthy.
274. On 7 January, the High Court of Justice, sitting as a rare nine-justice bench, heard petitions by two Palestinian security detainees against interrogation methods allegedly amounting to torture employed against them by GSS.
Annotations to the provisional agenda, including organization of work of the session
Humanitarian access to affected populations relying on assistance is a major concern since the security situation remains volatile in many parts of the country and access is dependent on air transport which in some places is only possible by helicopter.
Furthermore, aerial bombardments destroyed stockpiles of matériel, industrial and oil facilities and electricity generation plants, leading to the release of thousands of tons of toxins into the air, the water and the earth.
More than 500 million people remain in poverty in South Asia.
6.6.3.9.1 Every pressure-relief device shall be plainly and permanently marked with the following:
According to annex 2 of the Dayton Peace Accords, the Arbitral Tribunal for the Dispute over the Inter-Entity Boundary in the Brčko Area was established in order to reach a decision on the administration of Brčko.
These developments are extremely worrying, and concerted steps must be taken to address them.
The Economic and Social Council has to play a key role in this process.
Regarding the Commission on Trade in Goods and Services, and Commodities (Commission 1), his Group considered that the trade and environment issues were well focused and would lead to good results.
32. The Special Rapporteur has been informed of the presence in the Democratic Republic of the Congo of the London-registered firm Defence Systems Limited, which is responsible for guarding various mines and petroleum installations, as well as several embassies in Kinshasa.
13. The democratic process initiated in Djibouti after the signature of the peace agreement with the rebels has led to a new political system with many parties running for election.
The goal is to strengthen national capacities in achieving environmentally sound development and sustainable natural resources development and management.
Section 15. Economic Commission for Africa
These measures are of a preventive, not punitive, character and must be taken by administrative decision, giving the official the opportunity to seek effective remedy.
9. According to the Secretary-General, the main activities planned for the next two years are the following:
If a fundamental accounting assumption is not followed, that fact should be disclosed together with the reasons;
The retroactive application of the procedures to completed missions has caused financial shortfalls owing to the fact that the overall reimbursement is exceeding the 10 per cent amount budgeted for contingent-owned equipment in some of these missions.
The team had begun operating only recently but the recommendations were already being implemented, including the rigorous selection of candidates for service.
103. An audit of UNEP’s Mercure project revealed that the donation of the Mercure communications system was accepted and the related project agreement signed by the UNEP Executive Director on behalf of the United Nations during November 1994, without obtaining a formal instrument of full powers and without exploring other alternatives or ensuring the possibility of integrating the system with the United Nations telecommunications network, despite the fact that a cost-benefit analysis showed that it would not be viable as a stand-alone system.
History has meant that the State has always occupied first place, and thus the interests of individuals were sacrificed.
A number of other cost items have also been revised downwards.
Aware of the additional, detrimental economic and social impact of the Israeli settlements on Palestinian and other Arab natural resources, especially the confiscation of land and the forced diversion of water resources,
While the policy of conditionality will be applied under the project module for reduction of the poppy crop, it is not applicable to other modules.
The institution served its purpose, and eventually developed into other institutions suited to meet evolving requirements.
6. The unspent balance for spare parts, repairs and maintenance resulted from the following factors: (a) the bulk of the spare parts earmarked for refurbishing photocopiers, network workstations, generators and miscellaneous other equipment were not purchased; (b) requirements for office equipment repairs were met from United Nations Logistics Base reserve stock; (c) spare parts for generators were received from the United Nations Transitional Administration for Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium; and (d) the network workstations arrived too late for the work to be undertaken.
He urged the SBSTA and the Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI) to minimize requests for new documentation for their October sessions.
Other traffickers arrested for heroin trafficking were from countries of the former Yugoslavia, other European countries, countries in Africa and the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Within the Settlements Management Training Programme, UNCHS (Habitat) has prepared and published in 1995 the two-volume English language manual Designing Human Settlements Training in European Countries, which was translated and published in Russian in 1996 by the Centre for Self-government Studies (SPTC) in Klaipeda, Lithuania.
Concern is expressed that there remain groups of the population for whom the question of citizenship has not yet been addressed in a satisfactory manner.
Rapporteur: Mr. Tammam Sulaiman (Syrian Arab Republic)
Based on these initiatives, the issues of children's rights to shelter and related services were included in the declaration of the World Assembly of Cities and Local Authorities in Istanbul and the Istanbul Declaration on Human Settlements.
Any body or agency, whether national or international, governmental or non-governmental, which is qualified in matters covered by this Protocol and which has informed the secretariat of its wish to be represented at a session of the Meeting of the Parties as an observer, may be so admitted unless at least one third of the Parties present object.
Relevant sections of the report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations reform: measures and proposals (A/52/303)
Elections to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other elections: election of seven members of the Committee for Pro-gramme and Coordination: note by the Secretary-General (A/52/440/Add.1) [16 (b)]
Accounts maintained in other currencies are translated into United States dollars at the time of transaction at rates of exchange established by the Controller of the United Nations.
At 1525 hours two mortar shells fired from the occupied strip fell in the area around Sujud hill.
10. With regard to the resettlement of internally displaced persons organized into communities, the first transfer of the Comunidades de Población en Resistencia (CPR) de la Sierra went to the Tesoro estate and the second resettlement took place on the southern coast.
25. The proposed budget, exclusive of the support account of peacekeeping operations, represents an increase of 34 per cent, in gross terms, as compared with the revised budget of the preceding 12-month period.
The General Assembly, having considered the first report of the General Committee (A/53/250), adopted a number of provisions concerning the organization of the fifty-third session and adopted the agenda of the session (A/53/251) and the allocation of agenda items (A/53/252).
Information received from member States by 31 March 1997 is contained in document A/AC.105/635/Add.4.
The Lecture will be followed by a question-and-answer period.
If the CPI changed by 10 per cent or more since the last adjustment, then a further adjustment would be made as of 1 October of that year.
The Central Asian countries have acceded to some of these international legal instruments and continue to examine the possibility of acceding to many more.
Jason will be the name of this new mission.
7. The Meeting may wish to adopt recommendations or conclusions at the end of the session.
(d) The SBSTA and the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on activities implemented jointly under the pilot phase for adoption by the Conference of the Parties at its third session (for the text of the draft decision see annex I below).
256. On 15 March, Palestinians in Hebron woke up to discover that 24 windows of Palestinian cars had been smashed during the night.
The Chairman drew the attention of the Committee to the programme of work for the week of 20-24 October.
As regards ODA, it was noted that it could directly contribute to technology transfer by improving regional and local information networks, creating awareness, and by being used to fund trade fairs, seminars etc.
Computer controlled systems are playing an increasing role in recipe formulation, logistic and product control systems, including the increasingly important area of product traceability all the way to the farmer.
Caribbean countries and territories members of the commonwealth will assess the feasibility of establishing subregional protection schemes for witnesses, prosecutors and judges, as well as sentencing options and alternatives to incarceration.
To initiate an internal debate on UNCTAD commitments regarding the cross-sectoral issue of the empowerment of women and the mainstreaming of a gender perspective in its policies and programmes, a Workshop on Gender Sensitization was held in December 1997. Approximately 30 Professional staff members participated.
Hence, the process of exhumation and identification will be the only way of resolving the cases of the missing.
277. With respect to the programme of work of ACC, the view was expressed that attention should continue to be given to the full implementation of United Nations global conferences and summits as a framework for addressing developmental issues, including poverty eradication.
Mbanzulu Pépé Bikandu (FONUS member): arrested on 7 February.
The matter would be presented to the Congress at its next session.
Government officials recognize that methane emission levels from the natural gas industry are highly uncertain.
Eighty Ethiopian teachers in Assab left freely for Djibouti with the assistance of the local administration, but on their arrival there the Ethiopian Government claimed they had been expelled.
UNFPA is convinced that meeting these goals will contribute to improving the quality of life and to the universally accepted aim of stabilizing world population.
Main themes of focus are the legal protection of women migrant workers, women’s human rights, ethnic minorities and refugees, and the functioning of national institutions.
This resulted in negotiations with the Commission on standard clauses governing the essential conditions of such cooperation.
(iv) Development of an Internet microbanking site where all the above information could be accessed;
The Advisory Committee was informed, upon enquiry, that the main reason for writing off the UNPF property was either its poor technical condition or the fact that the property had been stolen.
The usefulness of Economic and Social Council agreed conclusion 1997/2 on gender mainstreaming was emphasized.
(a) One round-trip travel for each of the two Headquarters personnel to UNIKOM for mission assessment ($2,012) and daily subsistence allowance ($1,568); four quarterly trips by the UNIFIL aviation safety specialist to UNIKOM to conduct safety assessments/inspections ($2,800) and daily subsistence allowance ($3,136);
I should be grateful if you could kindly circulate the present letter and its annex as an official document of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly under agenda items 20, 107 and 112.
The consensus was for demand-driven support, leaving room, however, for supply-driven support in situations where enterprises are not aware or informed about existing programmes or the potential benefits that they could derive therefrom.
GC.7/Res.5 AFRICA (IN PARTICULAR THE SECOND INDUSTRIAL DEVELOP-MENT DECADE FOR AFRICA)
3. Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/52/593) [64].
By their very nature, BITs constitute "lex specialis", applicable only between the contracting parties and not to third parties.
The audience of “UN in Action”, a three-minute weekly, is estimated at 160 million viewers, through CNN and other broadcasters, in 106 countries.
It is the view of the Committee, therefore, that measures must be taken immediately to ensure a marked improvement in their conditions of detention and that other measures to protect these children in the future must be put in place.
10. The Committee's report on its fourteenth and fifteenth sessions (E/1997/22—E/C.12/1996/6) will be submitted to the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session of 1997 in July.
The change, already being reflected in other United Nations bodies, was necessary to ensure democracy and transparency in the Committee’s work.
Considering also that openness and transparency relating to all types of armaments would contribute greatly to confidence-building and security among States,
Those Governments which had succeeded had adopted clear strategies of economic development, including creating conditions and adopting supportive policies for the creation, growth and development of enterprises.
Those standards require that the Board plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance as to whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
At this point there is insufficient technology to prevent eventual contamination.
The Commission instructed UNCTAD to pursue its work in formulating an analytical and methodological basis on which a trade efficiency assessment exercise could be organized“Report of the Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development on its first session” (TD/B/44/2 - TD/B/COM.3/4), annex II.
78. The estimated 5 to 10 million landmines and unexploded ordnance in the three northern governorates of Iraq continue to claim the lives of many people.
6.6.4.15.2 The following information shall be durably marked either on the portable tank itself or on a metal plate firmly secured to the portable tank.
2. In accordance with Assembly resolution 52/1 B of 26 June 1998, the prorated share of UNPREDEP of $168,800 in the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi (UNLB) for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 has been absorbed within the overall appropriation provided under Assembly resolution 52/245.
III. Government-private sector interaction 14 - 43
The insufficient leisure opportunities are also a matter of concern.
2. The 1990 report contained assessments of trends and developments in five major fields: nuclear technology, space technology, materials technology, information technology and biotechnology.
The EU also allows duty-free access for fish if a country has a fishing agreement with the EU (for example, Argentina).
The Executive Director is also requested to report on what action she has taken to ensure that those responsible are accountable for the practices revealed in the Board’s report.
Exporters therefore had, for instance, to differentiate packaging materials by importing countries or by individual importing firms, which entailed high costs.
One of the conclusions of the Committee contains a statement on insufficient access of certain minorities to education, public information and cultural activities in their languages, irrespective of the constitutional and legal guarantees to that effect.
(i) Report of the Secretary-General (A/52/537);
1046. Finally, in the light of article 44, paragraph 6, of the Convention, the Committee recommends that the initial report and written replies presented by the State party be made widely available to the public at large and that the reports be published, along with the relevant summary records and the concluding observations adopted thereon by the Committee.
As a general rule, no proposal shall be discussed or put to the vote at any meeting unless copies of it have been circulated to delegations not later than the day preceding the meeting.
155 litres per hour at 24 cents per litre.
7. The specific time limit would be determined by the General Assembly at the outset, in accordance with its normal methods of taking decisions, and could vary in duration depending upon the characteristics of the task at hand.
To achieve better social service delivery, some Governments are instituting alternative mechanisms, such as contracting out to the private sector or to non-governmental organizations.
17. During his stay in Burundi, the Special Rapporteur travelled widely in several provinces of the country, especially in Makamba, Cibitoke, Karuzi and Kayanza, situated respectively in the south, north-west and north-east of the country.
2. Two reports were submitted to the Committee on Information at its twentieth session, held from 4 to 15 May 1998:
It has mapped out a series of public information activities to raise the awareness of individuals and societies of the consequences of drug trafficking and drug abuse.
It is aimed primarily at young readers, using humour and simple language to explain the problems of desertification and the efforts made to find solutions.
The programme was followed by a United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) community-based rehabilitation programme, aimed at reinforcing local capacities in crisis-affected areas through small-scale projects, representing a global amount of $4 million.
51 Yediot Aharanot, 21 March 1996, as quoted in “Report on Israeli practices against human rights of Syrian citizens in the occupied Syrian Golan” ..., p. 9.
This includes, most notably, an emphasis on counselling, intensification of a reproductive health perspective and an emphasis on adolescent health.
All attempts are being made to increase UNIDIR’s core and project income, so that staff can be put on longer-term contracts and be more adequately remunerated.
The spread of drugs such as ecstasy, methamphetamine and other ATS is alarming.
The amounts shown in column 1 of annexes I and II provide for the reimbursement of troop costs and payment of daily allowance at standard rates for 3,278 person-months (100,000 person-days) for the period from 15 April to 30 June and for 6,750 person-months (206,600 person-days) for the subsequent period from 1 July to 30 November 1998.
In addition, provision is made for the replacement of five base station VHF ($7,500), two repeater station VHF ($20,000) and six VHF pagers ($1,500).
48. Report of the International Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of the Former Yugoslavia since 1991.
The representative of the United States introduced the draft resolution on behalf of the sponsors listed as well as Australia, Belgium, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Japan, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, the Nether-lands, Norway, Poland and the United Kingdom.
Before international action is required, I urge Governments in situations of potential or actual conflict to consider the appointment of special mediators or special commissions to look into the sources of the dispute, build confidence, and recommend practical solutions.
Italy, however, has avoided establishing its own national target regarding GHG emissions.
The Committee also expressed the view that the media could play a pivotal role in monitoring the realization of the rights of the child.
At 0800 hours a client militia foot patrol strafed the Tumat Niha road area with medium- and light-weapons fire.
62. ODA has many components, and each component has an important rationale attached to it.
Recalling its resolutions 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960 and 1541 (XV) of 15 December 1960,
The Seminar was attended by 84 experts from all over the world.
1. Welcomes the significant developments that have taken place in New Caledonia as exemplified by the signing of the Nouméa Accord of 5 May 1998 between the representatives of New Caledonia and the Government of France; See A/AC.109/2114, annex.
52. At UNFPA, issues and activities concerning communication for development are increasingly dealt with in a decentralized fashion.
24. Invites creditor countries, private banks and multilateral financial institutions, within their prerogatives, to continue the initiatives and efforts to address both the commercial debt problems of the least developed countries and the requests for continued mobilization of resources through the Debt-reduction Facility of the International Development Association in order to help least developed countries reduce their commercial debt;
193. In 1993, the Commission reviewed the language incentive scheme for the Professional and higher categories, and recommended parameters for those organizations which considered that a language incentive scheme was a useful means of improving linguistic balance in the overall context of improved organizational effectiveness.
The subprogramme of production projects for demobilized combatants living in areas with uprooted population groups will have to be implemented in close coordination with CTEAR (see para. 12).
While acknowledging the openness of the State party towards the possibility of reviewing its reservation to article 7, paragraph 1, of the Convention, the Committee remains concerned that this reservation might impede the full implementation of the Convention.
In its report on the biennium 1990–1991, the Board of Auditors recommended that the UNFPA Policies and Procedures Manual be updated without further delay. A task force created in October 1996 issued a major portion of the Manual in November 1997, however, it still remains only 80 per cent complete (para. 7 (a)).
(ii) Note by the Secretary-General (A/52/260);
(ii) 402 person days at $190 per day for the period from 13 July to 31 August 1998 ($76,400);
a Of all requests received by the Under-Secretary-General for Management in 1996–1997, 15.7 per cent were declined.
(b) Resolution 50/204 A of 23 December 1995 (in particular the provisions of para. 4 regarding implementation of the Board’s recommendations);
8. Adoption of the report of the Commission to the Trade and Development Board.
The reality is that there are people who are prepared to become mercenaries and who ultimately do so because of the pay they receive for engaging in an unlawful activity in a country other than their own; their intervention is motivated directly by financial gain.
(c) Report of the Secretary-General on procurement reform (A/52/534 and Corr.1);
In the light of the deliberations of its members, the Committee reaffirmed its total solidarity with the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) in its just struggle to end the Israeli occupation and re-establish the Palestinian people's inalienable national rights, including their right to return, to self-determination and to statehood on their national soil with Al-Quds Al-Sharif as their capital.
(b) In section I, operative paragraph 5, which had read:
102. In most parts of the world there are regional and national networks of epidemiologists and epidemiology work groups, like the Asian Epidemiology Work Group, that discuss issues of common concern, organize training and in some cases also develop instruments for common reporting.
(d) Promotion and development of renewable sources of energy, including solar, nuclear and biomass, and ensuring that all countries have access to related material, equipment and technology through removal of all restrictions; and
(d) The effects of the El Niño phenomenon in the region;
Action along the lines recommended by the Board of Auditors was already well advanced when the report was issued.
However, the current critical economic situation has placed several constraints on the basic social services in the country.
In effect, many existing regulations and rules were repeated in the Code.
(d) Producing clear, concise and action-oriented outcomes of their deliberations.
Taking into account the above statistics, as well as historical data on troop deployment, the Advisory Committee is doubtful whether the deployment schedule referred to in paragraph 5 above could be fully implemented.
21. WIPO organized its Regional Symposium for Latin American and Caribbean Countries on the Economic Importance of Intellectual Property and on Enforcement of Rights under the Agreement on Trade Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights in Cartagena, Colombia, from 12 to 14 March 1997, in cooperation with the Government of Colombia and SELA.
In the area of investment promotion, UNIDO and UNCTAD were the joint hosts for an international conference on privatization and investment held in Geneva in which 200 businessmen participated along with Uzbek government officials.
The Executive Secretary of the United Nations Framework Contention on Climate Change made a statement introducing agenda item 98 (c).
Governments agreed to this at the organizational session of the Preparatory Committee for the special session.
Conscious of the particular vulnerability of the small Territories to natural disasters and environmental degradation,
EEC/LWS European Economic Community/Lutheran World Service
Probabilities must then be assigned to each of these, the balance between cost and benefit estimated for each case and then, finally, all the results be combined with due regard to their relative probabilities.
Another reason is that quantitative restrictions continue to provide additional protection for the textiles and clothing industry.
He provided information related to the activities of UNDCP in the field of demand reduction, indicating that on the basis of the resources allocated and the number of technical assistance projects in that field, UNDCP was giving the same importance to demand reduction as to reducing illicit supply and countering illicit trafficking.
5. The spirit of consensus which had characterized Executive Committee and Standing Committee discussions and informal consultations during the year was underlined and commended by the Ambassador.
Item 5. Letter dated 11 July 1960 from the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Cuba addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/4378).
These substances include materials, objects, instruments, equipment and products of biological origin containing nuclides whose concentrations or activities exceed those established by the standards of the competent State authorities;
The SBI requested the Executive Secretary to conclude arrangements with the Government of Japan on the basis of that understanding.
70. The Committee is pleased to note that, according to the legal system of Slovakia, international treaties, including the Convention, have been promulgated in Parliament and take precedence over domestic legislation.
United Nations standards of logistic support (Working Group report, para. 74)
IAW International Alliance of Women XVI(I)
65. It was suggested that the title of the subsection should be changed to "Investment promotion and protection".
Representatives of the United Nations Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea/Office of Legal Affairs and the Division for Sustainable Development of the Department for Economic and Social Affairs, UNEP, FAO, UNESCO, IOC, WMO, IMO and IAEA participated in the session.
- Take any appropriate step to ensure or restore sufficient competition.
Although a return to acute humanitarian crisis as a result of the recent flood emergency has been averted, political instability and the ensuing insecurity have continued to prevent the country, particularly southern and central Somalia, from moving into straight-forward reconstruction.
The situation in relation to the administration of juvenile justice and in particular its compatibility with articles 37, 39 and 40 of the Convention, as well as other relevant international standards, is a matter of concern.
22. A matter of particular concern are cases of inadequate or missing cooperation on the part of some Governments with the human rights machinery.
In resolution 840 (1993) of 15 June 1993, the Security Council endorsed the results of the election held from 23 to 28 May 1993.
The IMF has been heavily involved in supporting several land-locked countries by providing to their financial institutions technical assistance, enhanced structural adjustment facilities, stand-by arrangements, compensatory and contingency financing facilities, and training assistance.
28. The main outcome of the meeting of the ECLAC Ad Hoc Committee on Population and Development is contained in ECLAC resolutions 571 (XXVII) and 572 (XXVII).
(i) Voluntary agreements with the car industry; and
As trade in services (and, in particular, information-intensive services) increases, and as trade in both goods and services becomes itself more dependent on international information flows, telecommunications play an increasingly important role in the process of globalization of international trade.
Even such basic requirements as providing a copy of the Labour Code to workers is seldom fulfilled by management.
A/AC.237/MISC.46 Consideration of the establishment of a multilateral consultative process for the resolution of questions regarding implementation (Article 13): submissions from delegations relating to Article 13
The General Assembly has taken note of these standards in its resolution 48/216 C of 23 December 1993.
Noting also the report of the intended closure of the foreign military bases and installations in the Territory,
The evolution of the Commonwealth itself attests to the expanded role of the association to deal more effectively with the growing challenges and complex issues facing member States.
From the provision of $12,000, actual expenditures amounted to $4,200, resulting in the unutilized balance of $7,800 under this heading.
The resident coordinator system is increasingly focusing on integrating the follow-up to global conferences in differing national contexts.
4. There was, however, a steady downward trend in peacekeeping cash, from $923 million in 1995 to $874 million in 1996 and $791 million in 1997.
Incidentally, I would like to point out that the fact that Ukraine exists and that it will remain a sovereign and independent State is not subject to any debate.
We are deeply disappointed that India, which has always professed its commitment to nuclear disarmament, has failed to live up to these ideals.
11. Write-off of losses of cash, receivables and property
24. Implementation of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s, including measures and recommendations agreed upon at its mid-term review (P.24).
Host Parties which set up an AIJ unit appear to be successful in attracting financial resources and in ensuring their utilization in priority areas of national development.
Regarding other aspects of the Commission's work programme, he mentioned the need to use UNCTAD's analytical potential for evaluating country- and sector-specific real economic effects of the Uruguay Round implementation.
Our approach to the CIS should be not merely indulgent but, at the same time, human and pragmatic.
The developing countries will be obliged to shift to a much greater extent to more general and broad-based policies which remain in conformity with the Uruguay Round Agreements.
Statements were made by the representatives of the United Republic of Tanzania (on behalf of the Group of 77 and China), Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union; Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia and Cyprus aligned themselves with this statement), the United States, Bangladesh, the Russian Federa- tion, Paraguay (also on behalf of Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Mexico, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Uruguay, Venezuela, and Honduras (for the Central American States)), China, Israel, India, Morocco, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Pakistan, Slovakia and Kazakhstan.
The United Nations denounced the killings and called upon all parties to allow safe passage for humanitarian personnel.
At 0900 hours an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the South at high altitude.
In addition, Member States could commit themselves to providing a more solid, broader-based system of support for international cooperation in drug control through active participation in the activities of UNDCP.
He saw a major role for international investment agreements in creating stability and predictability, and agreed that there was no real contradiction between investor protection and development objectives.
It notes in particular that an increasing proportion of resources has been devoted to the development of a primary health-care network, the provision of safe water supplies and sanitation and to disease control.
47. Documentation of the internal control structure, transactions, and significant events must have a clear purpose, contribute to achieving the organization’s objectives and be useful to managers in controlling their operations and to auditors or others involved in analysing operations.
23. After the adoption of the draft resolution, statements were made by the observers for Indonesia (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China) and Austria (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union).
(vii) Unforeseen and extraordinary expenses for the biennium 1998–1999 (resolution 52/223);
7. Also requests the Secretary-General, in order to reduce the cost of employing General Service staff, to continue efforts to employ locally recruited staff for the Observer Mission against General Service posts, commensurate with the operational requirements of such posts;
During the Committee’s hearings on the subject of the support account, representatives of the Secretary-General, in response to queries of the Committee, confirmed that if the request for conversions were accepted by the General Assembly it would be possible to phase out all gratis personnel in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations by the end of December 1998.
At the same time, suspension of payments will lower the immediate foreign exchange requirements and reduce considerably the size of a rescue package.
1056th meeting Item 4 (a). Report of INCB for 1997
The Russian Federation acknowledges Uzbekistan's position in favour of the multimodal transport of gas and oil exports, including their transit through Russian territory, and confirms its readiness to continue to provide the relevant services in the requisite amounts and types.
The unutilized balance of $1,800 resulted from the non-obligation of the resources provided.
Appropriate and effective aid levels need to be established.
(a) Energy efficiency standards, defined test procedures and functional performance measures for products, labelling and other product-related measures, including mandatory minimum efficient standards for such products, if necessary or where appropriate;
MACROECONOMIC POLICY QUESTIONS: TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT; EXTERNAL DEBT CRISIS AND DEVELOPMENT
It is reported that the meetings reinforce a culture of discipline, routine repayments and staff accountability.
24. No provision is required under this heading.
(a) Approves applications by the following Government observer delegations for participation in meetings of the Standing Committee from October 1998 to October 1999:
45. States should limit weapons procurement to the legitimate needs of self-defence and internal security.
As one speaker put it, the acquiescence and support of Member States was a sine qua non for the success of the ongoing reform of the United Nations.
As noted below, however, a number of Parties have reported on initiatives that are designed to facilitate such transfer of technology to non-Annex II Parties by the private sector.
The outcome of each segment of the Council should be strengthened and made more action-oriented.
The Chairman noted that a fourth issue under negotiation, the treatment of sinks, had been the subject of intersessional work.
The Commission concurred with the Executive Director that the problems related to data collection were extremely complex, and would not be easy to solve.
Member States should develop within the criminal justice system, where appropriate, capacities for assisting drug abusers with education, treatment and rehabilitation services.
19. Concerns were expressed about the late submission of the report.
Participants in advisory meetings are not dealt with in this report.
3. Division of labour between the SBSTA and the Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI).
At its substantive session of 1998, the Economic and Social Council took note of the request regarding the enlargement of the Executive Committee of the programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees contained in the annex to the note verbale dated 14 October 1997 from the Permanent Mission of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (E/1998/3) and recommended that the Assembly take a decision at its fifty-third session on the question of increasing the membership of the Executive Committee from fifty-three to fifty-four States (Council decision 1998/211).
77. Regarding the first constraint, many enterprises appear able to disclose such data, but the analyst or would-be user needs to pay careful attention to the precise details of the accounting policy adopted by the reporting entity vis-à-vis the definition and disclosure of environmental operating and capital costs.
(a) Staff members who are unable to perform their duties by reason of illness or injury, or whose attendance at work is prevented by public health requirements, will be granted sick leave.
9. Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997–2006) (item 98).
14. ICAO - Council, one hundred and fifty-seventh session
Reports, conclusions and recommendations of subsidiary bodies [7]
The Board noted that gratis military personnel were sometimes assigned functions such as verification of claims, processing reimbursement for contingent-owned equipment and development of personnel databases that were core staff functions normally performed by Secretariat staff.
24. From the early days of the Organization, it was recognized that the United Nations could not achieve its purposes unless the peoples of the world were fully informed of its aims and activities.
319. With respect of article 2 of the Convention, the Committee recommends that the State party reinstate the provisions for the fair and proportionate representation of the Serbian ethnic community in the Croatian Parliament.
While it could be argued that this did not as yet constitute a major barrier to developing country exports, since exports of packaged products from these countries were still small, packaging regulations were an important deterrent, particularly because these regulations, as regards both environmental and other requirements, differed between importing countries.
7. After adoption of the resolution, statement in explanation of position were made by the representatives of Ukraine, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (on behalf of the State Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union and also on behalf of the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Cyprus), the United States of America, Slovakia, France, Indonesia (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China), Mexico, China and the United Kingdom.
(g) China is applying for the establishment of the Asian and African Research, Development and Training Center on Combating Desertification in Beijing.
Recalling decision 10/9 of the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee (INCD),
Provision for maintenance services is based on 5 per cent of annual rental costs and reflects actual consumption of services in the mission area.
The Council had before it a note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report prepared by the Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia on the economic and social repercussions of the Israeli settlements on the Palestinian people in the Palestinian territory, including Jerusalem, and of the Arab population in the occupied Syrian Golan (A/53/163-E/1998/79).
The production of opium poppy has more than tripled since 1985.
With national campaigns in Colombia, South Africa and the Philippines, the working group is a clear example of the increased involvement of non-governmental organizations in the developing world in the movement.
– A/AC.247/1998/CRP.15 entitled, “Joint position paper of the States members of the Group of Eastern European States eligible for non-permanent membership in the Security Council: the matter of allocation of one additional non-permanent seat for this Group in the enlarged membership of the Security Council” (see annex XXIII).
Statement by the Presidency of the European Union on the negotiations of a protocol to the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention
(c) A methodology must be established to estimate and evaluate the effectiveness of the measures adopted to limit emissions and enhance the removal or mitigation of greenhouse gas emissions in each particular project;
The Commonwealth is necessary, certainly not as a memorial to the Soviet empire and still less as the bearer of impotent assumptions of brotherhood and friendship, but as a fundamentally new mechanism for cooperation between States in the worldwide community of nations, dealings between which must and can comprise an entire range of general signs without overlooking differences.
49. The Committee noted with appreciation the efforts by the Secretariat to improve utilization of the conference facilities at the United Nations Office at Nairobi, in particular with regard to the pilot project to provide remote interpretation from the United Nations Office at Vienna.
Introduction of draft proposal A/C.3/52/L.14 and Corr.1
124. The policy pursued by the Israeli authorities that limits the number of workers from the occupied territories who are allowed to work in Israel is seen as one of the principal factors for the bad economic situation in the occupied Palestinian territories, in particular in the Gaza Strip.
The parties to the other tracks can have no confidence that the Government of Israel, which calls for negotiations where there should be none, for example with respect to resolution 425 (1978), and refuses to negotiate, when it should, on resolutions 242 (1967) and 338 (1973), will make any proposals that are innocent of political, legal or propaganda considerations.
III. Recommendation of the Second Committee
216. Security Council - Ad Hoc Commission established under Security Council resolution 794 (1992)
40. As the analytical work on trade efficiency developed, it became clear that it would have significant consequences at the policy level.
Nothing can be gained from simultaneous attempts to internationalize the matter while pretending to pursue a dialogue.
The European Union also encourages the IGAD partner’s forum to continue and reinforce its support to the IGAD peace process as the appropriate framework for the search for a political solution to this conflict, which has lasted more than 15 years.
Currently proposed Under-Secretary-General
The degree to which Internet services are available in a country is becoming important in order for traders to make use of electronic commerce.
UNIDO has also developed a network of partners – Investment Promotion Agencies or Offices in developing countries and major developed countries –- they are in contact with the donor Governments and the private sector international centres of excellence in leading emerging technologies as well as other international funding agencies involved in promoting the flow of investment and technology to developing countries.
It is important to note that sustainable development requires state-of-the-art “clean technologies”, and developing States need to be given access to these technologies and skills.
The Court, for its part, would see nothing but advantages if, in these cases, the parties agreed, in accordance with Article 46, paragraph 2, of the Rules of Court, to file their pleadings alternately.
It further noted the comparison of remuneration amounts provided in the documentation before it.
5. The following articles of the Universal Declaration throw light on the question of "related issues":
Moreover, the armed conflicts in the north of the country have caused physical damage to the health infrastructure.
PROMOTION AND PROTECTION OF THE RIGHTS OF CHILDREN
(a) Operational activities for development of the United Nations system
The Committee further recommends that the State party continue to encourage minority participation in the design, organization and functioning of the educational system, in particular at the secondary and higher educational levels, and provide for the training of teachers of minority languages in public establishments.
The Chairman of the Committee ruled that in accordance with rule 92 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly the Fifth Committee would proceed to vote on the candidatures of Mr. Mahamane Amadou Maiga (Mali), Mr. C.S.M. Mselle (United Republic of Tanzania), and Mr. M.M. Ould El Cheikh Ghaouth (Mauritania).
* International Federation of Freight Forwarders Associations (FIATA) freight forwarders training centres
(r) any commissions, brokerages or agency fees payable in respect of the ship by or on behalf of the shipowner or demise charterer; 7/ Comments by the Chinese and Greek delegations on Article 1 (r): The two delegations are of the opinion that the provisions of Article 1 (r) are very vague and may lead to situations where a vessel can be arrested for a very small amount of money.
The lack of participation of the indigenous people in the management of natural resources and in other activities of concern to them is also a matter of concern.
Women and Kinship: Comparative Perspectives on Gender in South and South-East Asia.
A number of companies were unable to do business with Cuba because their products had been made in the United States or contained components from that country.
In order for the United Nations to interact better with NGOs and to continue to cooperate with them in a mutually beneficial relationship, it needs to learn more about this complex and expanding universe.
Relevant chapters of the report of the Economic and Social Council on questions that do not fall within the purview of the other items on the agenda of the General Assembly allocated to the Third Committee
Some sources are purely internal, some reflect the dynamics of a particular subregion, and some have important international dimensions.
In the past, the Committee has cautioned against expensive cost-accounting systems.
This makes it difficult for the Government to promote new concepts of men’s and women’s roles without appearing to interfere, once again, with individual choices and desires.
Objective: to build up a coordinated drug law enforcement programme aimed at improved interdiction of drugs coming from Afghanistan.
The Committee continued its consideration of the item in closed session.
Four new Regional Policy Officers (Children) have been deployed in critical regions – Central Asia, the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), the Horn of Africa and West Africa – to help the field operations with needs assessments and protection-based programme innovations.
71. The Committee concludes that the Convention is far from fully implemented in Israel and the occupied Palestinian territory, and that the shortfall contributes very significantly to the dangerous escalation of tension in the region.
In particular, the importance of broad support for the territorial integrity of Serbia and Yugoslavia and a strong condemnation of separatism as an idea contrary to the principles of the United Nations and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, was underscored.
Replacement of unbudgeted requirements.
(d) Specific proposals on the programmatic objectives and direction of the Development Account, in accordance with the priorities set out in the medium-term plan for the period 1998-2001, taking into consideration the complementarity of the activities of the Development Account with other relevant sections of the programme budget;
Draft resolution A/C.1/52/L.32/Rev.1 was adopted by a recorded vote of 147 to none, with 8 abstentions.
Over the same period, however, the share of Central and Eastern European firms decreased by half.
In an effort to further strengthen cooperation, the UNHCR and OSCE missions, together with the European Commission Monitoring Mission (ECMM), established the return facilitation group to monitor the implementation of the programme of return adopted by the Government of Croatia.
During the biennium 1996-1997, the subregional approach was expanded and developed with the launching of new subregional projects in various sectors.
The battalions are deployed throughout the south of Lebanon in a network of 151 positions, which are staffed 24 hours a day and are of three types: checkpoints, for the control of movement on the principal roads in the UNIFIL area of operations; observation posts, for observing movement on and off the roads in the area of operations; and checkpoints/observation posts, which combine the functions of control and observation.
The provision includes requirements for hazard duty allowance for an average of 35 per cent of international and 20 per cent of local staff projected to be assigned outside Luanda ($1,115,200).
I note, nonetheless, that some advances have been made.
19. The 1999 share of the 1998–1999 budget approved for UNRWA by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session is some $322.1 million.
The prior period adjustment of $78,582 reduced the excess to $133,250.
The Legal Counsel of the United Nations also held meetings with the Secretary-General of AALCC.
They contribute, in varying degrees, to the achievement of the objectives of the Agenda.
33. Measures to benefit the private sector.
Heydar ALIYEV President of the Azerbaijani Republic
RATIO OF HIGHEST QUINTILE INCOME TO LOWEST QUINTILE INCOME
During the financial period 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998, budgetary provision was made for the following changes to the UNMIBH vehicle establishment: (a) the replacement of 404 vehicles that had met the standard criteria for write-off (A/41/519/Add.1); (b) 82 vehicles for the enlargement of the mandate authorized under Security Council resolution 1103 (1997) (A/51/519/Add.4); and (c) 48 vehicles for the enlargement of the mandate authorized under Security Council resolution 1107 (1997).
Consideration of and action on draft resolution A/C.5/52/ L.6.
Concerned also that the surplus balances in the Special Account for the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon have been used to meet expenses of the Force in order to compensate for the lack of income resulting from non-payment and late payment by Member States of their contributions,
Cooperation activities in support of basic health care have involved considerable advocacy work for more government attention, and allocations, to primary health care in general, but have yet to show tangible results.
For this reason, the Government of Denmark objects to the said reservations made by the Government of Lebanon.
(a) United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission
As part of its conclusions, the Conference recommended that a mechanism, including Government representatives, representatives of the United Nations system and civil society, should be established to follow up on its results.
1. Takes note of the report transmitted by the Secretary-General; A/53/163–E/1998/79, annex.
1. By paragraph (f) of its decision 51/408 of 4 November 1996, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to report to it every two years on all aspects of the use of retired personnel, including possible revision of the ceiling on annual earnings, and providing information concerning retirees recruited on a short-term basis in all categories and at all levels as well as under special service agreements.
Unlike the previous year, having perceived that support for the draft resolution was growing stronger, Indonesia agreed to the negotiation of a Chairman’s statement, which was eventually adopted by consensus.
(a) Financing of development, including net transfer of resources between developing and developed countries
25. Since 1997, the FAO Technical Cooperation Programme for rehabilitation, recovery and development in the Democratic Republic of the Congo has amounted to $909,505 and covered five projects.
Although there have been a few successful outcomes, a serious lack of cooperation by authorities continues to frustrate the implementation of most decisions and recommendations.
The Chief Executive Officer shall also serve as Secretary of the Board.
13. At its seventeenth session, the Committee invited the Secretariat to advise States parties whose reports are overdue that advice on receiving assistance from the United Nations system in this regard may be obtained from the Division for the Advancement of Women.
The Office of Internal Oversight Services submitted a report to the General Assembly on the review of the implementation of procurement reform (A/52/813), which includes a recommendation on a special code of conduct for United Nations officials in procurement-related functions, and proposes certain restrictions on the employment of staff in those functions.
C. Briefings by the President of the Security Council to non-members, availability of draft resolutions and summaries of informal consultations
The General Assembly decides to increase the membership of the Committee on Information from 90 to 93 members and to appoint Angola, the Republic of Moldova and Solomon Islands as members of the Committee on Information.
Any interpretation that creates rights and obligations not provided for by domestic laws does not correspond to our understanding.
In that resolution, the Commission recalled its resolutions 5 (S-V) of 23 February 1978 and 2 (XXXII) of 11 February 1987, in which it had strongly urged Governments to prohibit the use of heroin on human beings.
Anticipatory planned adaptation is particularly important to reduce vulnerability to climate change.
Having considered in depth the question of Western Sahara,
Both cases are being investigated by the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
65. The UNDG Subgroup on Common Premises and Services has identified 136 countries in which United Nations funds and programmes have a presence, of which 65 have all four programmes present; the current situation is summarized in tables 3 and 4.
292. On 14 May, it was reported that Israel had submitted to the United Nations Committee against Torture a second periodic report, as required under the 1984 international Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
The proposed budget consists of non-recurrent costs of $1,186,200 and recurrent costs of $139,639,200 gross ($135,194,700 net).
6.6.5.3.4.5 Criteria for passing the test
The Parties listed in Annex I to the Convention shall further cooperate to ensure that their total aggregate [annual average] net emissions of greenhouse gases for the second period from [20 _ to 20_ ] is [ _ ] per cent lower than their total aggregate emissions of greenhouse gases for [19_ ] [the period from 19_ to 19_ ].
The case files include all property lost in a single incident.
239. The Committee notes the establishment of a women’s development fund. The Committee requests that detailed information on the mandates, budget and projects of the fund be included in the next report.
It further considers that the trade competitiveness of smaller firms in these countries is of central importance to their more active participation in international trade.
25. The Fifth Committee held four informal meetings presided by its Chairman, at which it considered in a comprehensive manner questions relating, inter alia, to the organization of its work, the role of the Bureau and measures to ensure the timely issuance of documentation.
This should be done for humanitarian purposes and as a confidence-building measure.
793. The situation in relation to the administration of juvenile justice, and its incompatibility with articles 37, 39 and 40 of the Convention and other relevant international standards, is a matter of concern to the Committee.
15. Conference on Disarmament, first part [General Assembly resolutions 1722 (XVI), S-10/2 and 34/83 L]
Recalling also Security Council resolution 858 (1993) of 24 August 1993, by which the Council decided to establish the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia, and the subsequent resolutions by which the Council extended the mandate of the Observer Mission, the latest of which was resolution 1150 (1998) of 30 January 1998,
Implementation of the programme of activities for the Decade
17. As regards ancillary crimes, a proposal was made that would criminalize participation carried out with the aim of furthering the general criminal activity or in the knowledge of the intention of the group.
3. The following intergovernmental organizations were represented at the session:
92. The Committee also endorsed the recommendation of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee that further consideration of the item should be postponed until 2000 in view of the abbreviated schedule of work of the Subcommittee at its thirty-sixth session, in 1999, and the preparatory work to be carried out for UNISPACE III (A/AC.105/697 and Corr.1, para. 81).
The Committee resumed its general discussion of this agenda item and heard statements by the representatives of Canada (on behalf of Australia, New Zealand and Canada), Ghana, Pakistan and China.
43. The United Nations reforms, announced in 1997 by the Secretary-General, provide a framework for collaborative action by the different organs and bodies of the United Nations system, including the Bretton Woods institutions, which can support and encourage country-by-country efforts geared towards the goals of accelerating poverty reduction and the eradication of the worst aspects of poverty during the next two decades.
Legal Counsel at UNICEF, Section concerned with children in conflict with the law, Kigali.
The Office has increased its presence in those provinces to facilitate its work, which includes carrying out investigations into human rights violations, visits to detention centres and prisons and activities concerning the monitoring and promotion of human rights.
Noting with deep concern that a substantial number of the inhabitants of the Territory continue to live in shelters because of volcanic activity,
(e) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
22. Decides that the five Professional and two General Service posts in The Hague, currently funded against the budget of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, should be transferred from the staffing table and the related financial provisions of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda to the staffing table and the budget of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia effective 1 January 1999, resulting in additional requirements of 666,900 dollars gross (551,800 dollars net) in 1999 for the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia;
They will also provide legal advice, as required, to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
The Council should monitor on a yearly basis the steps taken by functional commissions in response to Council recommendations on the harmonization of work programmes.
IV. Provisional agenda for the second session of the Commission
On 23 February 1985 Israeli occupation forces carried out a massacre in the village of Sir al-Gharbiyah in the district of Nabatiyah.
The source of the income was mainly from the United Nations Postal Administration (UNPA) ($1.2 million), the garage administration ($1.4 million) and from the sale of publications ($1.8 million).
The general law on cooperative societies in Bolivia was enacted in 1958 and applied through the Ministry of Labour and Micro-enterprises.
Further, transfer of resources associated with efficiency gains is not a budget reduction exercise, but one of redeployment with the total budgetary amount and related assessments remaining the same both before and after redeployment (see para. 8 below).
The Committee notes the Government’s undertaking to give priority to international cooperation on this issue and looks forward to information about the progress achieved in the State party’s next report.
296. The Committee notes the information on the situation of migrant women, which has been presented in the form of a supplement to the report.
In a separate incident in East Jerusalem, three incendiary bottles were thrown at the Jewish enclave in Ras-al Amud.
(b) Statement I includes two calculations of the excess (shortfall) of income over expenditure.
(1) This Convention shall apply to any seagoing ship within the jurisdiction of any State party, whether or not that ship is flying the flag of a State Party..
“(b) For service as technical assistance project personnel, under the 200 series of the Staff Rules;
Although specific cases of discrimination are often resolved after the intervention of international agencies, problems continue to be reported from throughout the region.
Regionally, disarmament programmes, the demobilization of ex-combatants and reductions in military-industrial complexes are constrained by the existence of large amounts of poorly regulated and indiscriminately used light weapons and small arms.
An addendum to the present report will reflect the further consideration of the item by the Committee during the fifty-third session.
C. Methodological issues 57 22 INTRODUCTION
7. The Advisory Committee sought information on the workload of the Board of Auditors and its effect on resources.
3. United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees
Methadone maintenance programmes vary according to admission criteria, length of treatment, dosage, combination with other types of treatment etc.
(e) Appointment of members of the United Nations Admin-istrative Tribunal (A/C.5/52/29)
The verbatim unedited transcripts of the meetings of the Subcommittee are contained in documents COPUOS/Legal/T.605 to 612.
237. It was noted with satisfaction that the Programme included a regional adviser for Asia and the Pacific based at the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific and funded from extrabudgetary sources, and that significant substantive contributions were being made under this arrangement.
Calling into question situations and rights that are rooted in the distant past is likely to open the door to a sequence of events which could have unforeseeable consequences and in particular lead, through acts of violence performed in the name of an extremist conception of religion, to disorders in various parts of India, the news of which, as it spreads internationally and, more especially, throughout the region, may affect peace and security within the region.
IV. Current and proposed staffing table
44. Effective management and operational measures to be taken to reduce vehicle accidents (A/51/872, para. 50).
54. UNEP was also involved in a number of joint activities with the Water Sector Coordination Unit of the Southern African Development Community (SADC), geared towards building capacities of SADC member States in the development and management of water resources.
This unit would, in principle, not undertake any patrolling.
UNDCP will continue working with the Pompidou Group in expanding its multi-city network to States of eastern Europe, and with UNESCO in strengthening primary prevention to counteract the trend of increasing substance abuse among children and young people.
239. The representative of CCAQ expressed concern about the information provided by the secretariat.
3. Substantive and financial support to 10 Workshops/seminars to enable the launching of consultative processes on the Convention ($175,200);
(i) United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation
Topics covered include methodological issues, cooperation with the IPCC and other international bodies, technology and technology information needs, and the establishment of a multilateral consultative process.
Conversely, judges unlawfully appointed or who derive their judicial power from an act of allegiance may be relieved of their functions in accordance with the principle of parallelism.
55. A number of debt-relief schemes for least developed countries and other low-income countries have been set up in recent years.
UNICEF programmes have been expanded to reach not only infants and young children but also adolescents and youth.
If Ethiopia were to persist in the pursuit of this most dangerous policy of claiming land in undemarcated border areas, then it becomes eminently clear that it is determined to usher in a new era of conflict and instability in the Horn of Africa.
9. The Special Rapporteur describes recent developments in the Burundi crisis in section I of the present report, reviews the current situation of human rights, especially the conditions of detention and life of the most vulnerable groups, in section II, and presents his observations and recommendations in section III.
It focuses on five topics: (a) the fundamentals of reform; (b) civil society’s primary requirements for the administration of justice; (c) responses to requests from civil society; (d) a strategy for action; and (e) the agents of the change.
2. Issue of coordination and cooperation between UNCTAD and relevant international organizations . 54
Such reluctance by aviation vendors further added to the problems of planning aviation activity in the missions.
Violence in the home remains of particular concern to the Special Representative.
Between 0200 and 0530 hours an Israeli gunboat off the coast between the Qulaylah plain and Bayadah fired several bursts of medium-weapons fire in all directions.
The switch of a part of the population from public to private health structures, with the consequent increase in the human and financial resources available to the public sector, would be especially positive in those countries which suffer from a shortage of medical personnel and health facilities.
Before the portable tank is placed into service, a leakproofness test and a test of the satisfactory operation of all service equipment shall also be performed.
33. It was suggested that the sections should elaborate on the financial arrangements used in connection with privately financed infrastructure projects and should emphasize the use and essential characteristics of "non-recourse" and "limited-recourse" finance.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Sudan, the United States, Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union), Egypt, New Zealand, Costa Rica, Norway and Spain.
In particular, the Committee recommends that the Centre consider using appropriate computer software to support its programme operations, taking advantage of the experience of other United Nations agencies.
Tendencies that seek new rivalries, invoke new confrontations, initiate a renewed race for power and dominance, sow discord and dissent, and invite isolation and exclusion are doomed to disappear in despair.
However, 1997 marked a pause in this upward trend, particularly in East Asia, where flows were about the same as in 1996. This drop was offset by a rise in flows to Latin America, attributable to several factors, notably, privatization, improved economic performance and continuing liberalization.
Once again, pursuant to Assembly resolution 51/74, the Secretary-General, on 23 June 1998, addressed communications to Governments and a number of non-governmental organizations requesting their contributions, views and information on the progress made by them in the implementation of the resolution.
52/148 Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action
Permanent Representative Chairman of the Coordinating Bureau of the Non-Aligned Movement Annex I
The International Committee of the Red Cross and IOM also participated.
The Board further recommends that the codifiers be provided with training to enhance their efficiency.
(c) Organization of four subregional training and transfer workshops: two in Africa, one in Latin America and one in Asia; these workshops are to be preceded by three regional Internet conferences to assess and match supply with demand for expertise and experience.
Signature: Algeria, Andorra, Antigua and Barbuda, Australia, Austria, Bahamas, Barbados, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Brazil, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cambodia, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Cook Islands, Costa Rica, Côte d’Ivoire, Czech Republic, Djibouti, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Ethiopia, Fiji, France, Gabon, Germany, Greece, Grenada, Guatemala, Guinea-Bissau, Haiti, Honduras, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Liechtenstein, Malaysia, Mali, Mauritania, Mauritius, Mexico, Mozambique, Namibia, Netherlands, New Zealand, Niue, Norway, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Portugal, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Rwanda, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Samoa, San Marino, Senegal, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, Switzerland, Thailand, Turkmenistan, Uganda, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Republic of Tanzania, Uruguay, Venezuela and Zimbabwe (3 December 1997)
IMO has been developing a global strategy for port State control in order to ensure that, while the systems may be regional, the standards applied will be universal.
108. The representative concluded by reiterating the Government’s firm commitment to bringing its legislation in line with the Convention as well as to fully implementing the Convention and the Beijing Platform for Action and to providing services that will improve the quality of life for women in South Africa.
Besides a number of traditional Trust Funds, IFAD has also initiated and launched a number of strategic coalitions with various partners with the aim of mobilizing additional resources, focusing on specific development priorities.
Israel had not enacted a law against torture so far and had not taken any substantial steps to that effect.
The Committee adopted the draft resolution by a recorded vote of 74 to 46, with 26 abstentions.
Mr. Clerides declared that he wants all Cypriot children to know their distinct cultural and religious heritage and to be able to carry their identity and political rights into the future without fear of domination from any quarter. As to the assurance of our identity and political rights "without fear of domination from any quarter", I urge Mr. Clerides to accept that a confederate set-up will totally eliminate such fears. So, if his vision is all that he says it is, why insist on a set-up that will give Greek Cypriots a chance to repeat the 1963-1974 events in Cyprus?
Background note on third meeting on cooperation between United Nations and regional organizations, background note released in July
Accordingly, it is estimated that usable cash for the regular budget at the end of the year will be in a deficit position of $247 million.
All posts at the P-4 level have been reclassified accordingly, and the distribution of assignments reflects these changes.
The Commission considered that it would be useful to engage in such a consideration of possible future work in the area of arbitration at its twenty-second session, in 1999, and requested the Secretariat to prepare, for that session, a note that would serve as a basis for the considerations of the Commission.
5. The Expert Meeting benefited from the presentation by the representative of the Commission of the European Union on the computerization of their transit procedures (NCTS - New Computerized Transit System).
Section 27A: Administration, Office of the Under-Secretary-General for Management
The satellite belongs to the International Mobile Satellite Organization (Inmarsat).
Nigeria seeks compensation for such expenses in the amount of US$204,126.74.
Finally, as staff were running out of food and water, it was possible to arrange the evacuation with the assistance of a Member State whose military was evacuating its own nationals.
As a follow-up to the first international conference on urban poverty as well as Habitat II, the International Forum on Urban Poverty was launched in Florence, Italy, in November 1997.
Given the unstable situation in some areas in the region, it is anticipated that such planning activities will continue.
Turkish presence in Cyprus should be accepted for what it is: a legal deterrent against the occupiers of the seat of the joint government who are using the title of the "Government of Cyprus" in order to harm the interest, equality and sovereignty of Turkish Cypriots.
To fulfil these goals the Division promotes international dialogue among development actors for the purpose of assessing the challenges and opportunities for international investment, technology capacity-building and enterprise development arising from new economic conditions, including those related to the conclusions of the Uruguay Round.
(i) Meeting servicing: Includes the costs of recruiting non-local conference room supervisors and teams of interpreters.
9. Welcomes the September 1998 pledge by the Russian Federation and the United States of America to remove by stages approximately fifty metric tons of plutonium from each of their nuclear weapons programmes, and to convert this material so that it can never be used in nuclear weapons;
Regulation 4.16 states as follows: “Intergovernmental and expert bodies shall, when reviewing the relevant chapters of the proposed medium-term plan, recommend priorities among subprogrammes in their field of competence.
In the resolution, IMO is directed to consider the practice from the point of view of safety of life at sea, and is requested to ensure that it participates in the preparation of any draft convention or other instrument on the subject.
The Board of Auditors has audited the United Nations peacekeeping operations at Headquarters, 4 field missions funded from the regular budget, 13 special missions and 4 missions in liquidation.
Notwithstanding these measures, in mid-1997 expected income against the regular budget was estimated at only $242 million for the year, thus presenting the Agency with the prospect of a “core deficit” of $20 million.
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 90.
I have the honour to transmit to you a letter dated 23 June 1998 from Mr. Fares Bouez, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Lebanon, on the subject of Lebanese detainees held in Israeli detention camps.
Until recently there has been a lack of awareness of the need for coherent policies for SME development.
UNDCP continued to carry out its role as advocate, technical partner, coordinator and source of partial funding of such interventions.
Further, in our opinion, the transactions of the Fund, which we have tested as part of our audit, have in all significant respects been in accordance with the Financial Regulations and legislative authority.
Thus, there shall be two officers from each of the following regional groups: Africa; Asia and the Pacific; Eastern Europe; Latin America and the Caribbean; and Western Europe and Other States (five from the current bureaux of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space and five to be selected).
CPC Committee for Programme and Coordination
The Director-General of the Jenin branch of the PA Ministry of Local Government stated that the move was part of preliminary steps aimed at seizing more than 70,000 dunums of land belonging to the villages of Khiljan, Um Dar and Tourah, and eventually forcing the villagers out.
In that connection, the shortage of finance, both start—up capital and long-term finance, was a major problem for SMEs.
6. Macroeconomic guidance was provided in a country employment policy review carried out in Hungary.
205. The Commission noted that in most organizations, there was no usage requirement and no retesting to ascertain if proficiency had been maintained.
Nevertheless, while countries in the traditional destination regions for cocaine continue to improve their knowledge on the specific patterns of cocaine trafficking via the Caribbean, that knowledge is not always available in the concerned transit countries.
208. International Law Commission, fifty-first session [General Assembly resolution 174 (II)]
Secondly, adherence to the international drug control treaties and their full implementation by all States should be advanced by the special session.
B. Election of officers2 The officers of the Bureau were elected to serve for a year-long period beginning with the forty-fifth session of the Board.
In order to increase the number of library documents, the Centre continued to establish relationships based on the exchange of documents with some research and academic institutions.
2. Notification by the Secretary-General under Article 12, paragraph 2, of the Charter of the United Nations: note by the Secretary-General (A/52/392) [7].
Convinced, therefore, that national and international measures must be taken for that purpose with a view to securing jointly, in the interests of the victims of human rights violations, observance of the right to know and, by implication, the right to the truth, the right to justice and the right to reparation, without which there can be no effective remedy against the pernicious effects of impunity,
Report of the International Court of Justice (A/52/4) [13].
The ITC’s recently launched International Competitiveness Programme for SMEs (ICPS) will meet the technical assistance needs of SMEs in developing countries and economies in transition through the Network of National Multiplier Organizations in the private and public sectors.
As a result, less cash is available and obligations exceed cash balances.
200. In 1998, the Department of Humanitarian Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat published a study, entitled “The development of indigenous mine-action capacities”.
These include weak domestic employment capacity, uneven sectoral growth, weak intersectoral articulation, severe marketing bottlenecks, poorly coordinated and fragmented new investments in both public and private ventures and structural imbalances among macroeconomic aggregates.
IV. Support mechanisms and services for SMEs
110. The Fund is also in the process of preparing a set of guidelines for mine awareness, in coordination with non-governmental organizations.
The Population Division of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs (DESA) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) will hold an informal briefing on Monday, 27 October 1997, at 6.15 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
The Centre for Human Rights and International Humanitarian Law of Lubumbashi reported serious violations of physical and psychological integrity.
The United States of America noted, in the chapter on projections in its second national communication, that temperature adjustments for heating and cooling could raise or lower the emissions by plus or minus 20 million metric tons of carbon, or about ±1.5%.
Indeed, a number of Congolese human rights activists have been obliged to seek asylum or to live clandestinely, especially since the arrival of the new political authorities, and to a certain extent, the lack of experience and material resources of human rights non-governmental organizations, which hinders the carrying out of their tasks.
The Advisory Committee was informed that, from the period of inception to 28 February 1998, $1,159.3 million had been assessed on Member States in respect of UNDOF and the United Nations Emergency Force.
Germany also has some doubts as to whether the basis for a compromise outlined by the Chairman of the informal consultations – namely, giving States the option of indicating the potential relevance of the purpose criterion under their national law and practice either by means of a general declaration in relation to the Convention or a specific notification to the other party in relation to a particular contract or transaction – would indeed introduce a greater measure of certainty.
Seventy per cent of the WPCs’ running costs was covered by participation fees for training courses, kindergartens and other activities, with the remaining 30 per cent covered by UNRWA.
4. The revisions stem from the adoption of resolution 53/1 by the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific in 1997, and the secretariat’s subsequent consultations with members and associate members of the Commission.
It further requests him to contact the Secretary-General of the United Nations, the Secretary-General of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, the Chairman of the Al-Quds (Jerusalem) Committee, the Secretary-General of the Organization of African Unity, the Vatican and the members of the Security Council, particularly the permanent members, and to endeavour to ensure that the Arab States appropriately convey to international organizations and the members of the international community the dimensions of this serious Israeli decision and the intense anger which it has caused, the aim being to place pressure on Israel immediately to revoke the policy of the Judaicization of Jerusalem.
Following a series of workshops covering all major departments and duty stations, an evaluation manual based on the training materials developed in the workshops will be published on the Office’s web site.
[17 November 1998]Originally issued in an advance version as document A/51/15 (Vol.
Association of the Tchoutkotka people “Awan”
The Government of Eritrea further reaffirms that it does not see any rationale to this conflict.
In the light of this mandate, and as a first step towards this longer term goal, the Commission, at its first session, decided to hold this expert meeting, the theme of which is, "to examine and review existing agreements on investment and their development dimension".
The international community reacted strongly in opposition to these tests and outlined, in Security Council resolution 1172 (1998) of 6 June 1998, a series of common objectives – or benchmarks – for defusing tensions between India and Pakistan, bringing the two States into global non-proliferation regimes, and strengthening those regimes worldwide.
In essence, the GM must follow a "learning by doing" approach, given that no model exists for such a mechanism and in view of the inherently innovative nature of its role.
In this regard, the Secretary-General would like to observe that such training has been intensified so that, during the past six months, procurement officers were afforded the opportunity to attend 10 separate seminars on such varied matters as cost and price analysis, personnel management, conflict resolution, including arbitration, and the United Nations Integrated Management Information System/Reality computerized procurement system.
It strongly recommends that new legislation should not discriminate against prostitutes but should punish pimps and procurers.
The Assistant Secretary-General is assisted in carrying out his responsibilities by a Special Assistant (P-5) and a Political Affairs Officer (P-3).
I. Dynamic markets and export sectors 2 - 9
II. CHAIRMAN'S SUMMARY OF EXPERTS' DISCUSSIONS
Item 5 in the list is derived from Article 7.2 of the Convention, which requires the COP to keep the implementation of the Convention under regular review.
(d) To provide good offices and mediation between the Government and political parties;
25. Alteration and renovation of premises.
26. The new Criminal Code, which came into force in 1998, contains provisions that seem inadequate to protect certain rights of women.
48. The Advisory Committee exchanged views with the Audit Operations Committee on the new relationship between the United Nations and the World Trade Organization with respect to ITC and any possible implications for the audit process.
He enumerated six reasons why the increase in the private sector, which is the leading sector for investment and export, is not happening and provided suggestions to overcome this problem.
It is most reprehensible that certain States should establish legislation which protect the goods or property of certain national companies and give them total impunity for any violations they commit of the economic, social and cultural rights of citizens or private economic groupings.
Five governmental observers took part in discussions related to funding of the activities of the Decade.
(i) Medical files reviewed and analysed
47. Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination, fifty-second session [General Assembly resolution 2106 A (XX)]
Donor Governments need to consider funding United Nations assistance in Somalia in light of these new circumstances, to ensure that emergency as well as transitional and early developmental needs are sufficiently addressed.
In response, UNHCR has entered into discussions with the International Save the Children Alliance (ISCA) about joint regional initiatives in the Horn of Africa and West Africa, with the objective of improving regional capacities to protect and care for children and adolescents, particularly unaccompanied minors, war-affected children and adolescents and those with particular educational needs.
Action on all draft resolutions was taken at the 22nd to 31st meetings, from 3 to 6 and on 9, 10, 12 and 13 November (see A/C.1/53/PV.22–31).
(i) Emergency or simplified scheduling processes;
103. It was suggested that the corresponding notes to legislative recommendation 1 should make clear that the review of the assumptions under which state monopolies had been established involved a review of the historical circumstances and political conditions that had led to the creation of such monopolies.
However, although the expression "incorporation by reference" had been used consistently by the Working Group as a concise way of referring to a complex range of legal and factual situations, it might not convey the same meaning in all enacting States.
When employers deny workers their compensation, the latter resort to the judicial system, an extremely lengthy and costly process the outcome of which is rarely in favour of the workers involved.
THIRD SESSION OF THE CONFERENCE OF THE PARTIES:
(b) In operative paragraph 7, the square brackets around the paragraph and the words "operational and substantive" before the word "requirements" were deleted;
51. At the 4th meeting, on 20 May, the Preparatory Committee for the Special Session of the General Assembly on the Implementation of the Outcome of the World Summit for Social Development and Further Initiatives held a panel discussion on the implementation of the outcome of the Summit.
(j) Endangered populations have the right to stay in their places of habitual residence or to temporarily seek safety and security elsewhere.
7. International cooperation, exercised nationally, globally and in partnership with other stakeholders, came to a serious impasse at the special session.
Actual and pro forma expenditures amounted to $283,976,700 gross ($269,677,000 net).
IFAD's most direct contribution to combating desertification and the effects of drought is at the local level through the development and financing of programmes and projects that could serve as replicable responses to the causes and consequences of poverty and environmental degradation in dryland areas.
It is recalled in this connection that when proposing the agenda item relating to the new international humanitarian order, the Government of Jordan had emphasized that the “law of peace” needs to be legislated and practised as thoroughly as the “law of war” has been developed, however difficult and complex the process may be.
Moldova Second report 25 February 1996 2
That pattern of priorities remained unchanged for the period covered by the 1997 report.
The Council stated in response that it had no connection with the works, which it presumed were carried out by a private contractor hired by one of the settlers on his own initiative.
The Board recommended that, as a matter of urgency, the administration review the cost-effectiveness and viability of the Mercure project, including its compatibility with the United Nations communications system (A/53/5/Add.6, chap. II, paras. 37-40 and 42).
The two bodies meet periodically to discuss documentation, notably the following: the report being prepared by UNFPA for the international forum on the implementation of the Programme of Action to be held at The Hague, Netherlands, from 8 to 12 February 1999; the quinquennial review and appraisal being coordinated by the Population Division, with one chapter (on population programmes and resources) being written by UNFPA; and the report of the Secretary-General, being coordinated by UNFPA in consultation with the Population Division to be submitted to the General Assembly at its special session for the review and appraisal of the implementation of the Programme of Action.
It is gratifying to note that the Haitian Government is convinced that “the damage suffered calls for reparations at the therapeutic, legal, economic and symbolic levels, but that reparations have true meaning only if they help to re-energize institutions and society”.
This could be the case, for example, if it were deemed that substantial amounts of local corporate assets had been acquired by foreign firms at distress-sale prices owing to a crisis.
A. Economic reforms, including the effective mobilization and efficient utilization of domestic resources
This would be complemented by IFAD through an allocation of 30% of its NGO Extended Cooperation Programme, presently estimated at USD 2 million, for NGO/GRO pilot activities in support of the CCD.
For some developing countries (i.e. land-locked countries and small islands), it could represent as much as one-third of cif prices.
7. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.15, as orally revised, without a vote (see para. 13, draft resolution I).
18. Takes note of the proposals contained in the report of the Secretary-General’s Task Force on the Reorientation of United Nations Public Information Activities8 concerning United Nations information centres, including the proposal for the organizing of a United Nations information centres network and the establishment of regional hubs, and notes that these proposals are being considered by the Department of Public Information;
It was considered that the narrative of the two new subprogrammes was clear and had been drafted in accordance with the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programming Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation.
45. The situation in Afghanistan and its implications for international peace and security (P.45).
Parking decals must be displayed prominently and be clearly visible to security officers and Garage Administration staff at entry points and while the vehicles are on the premises.
1. Stresses the need to dispatch periodic visiting missions to Non-Self-Governing Territories in order to facilitate the full, speedy and effective implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples with respect to those Territories;
Actual expenditures recorded under this heading amounted to $300,500, resulting in additional requirements of $47,300.
E. Calculation of the contribution of activities implemented jointly projects
The Committee fixed the date for the submission of Zimbabwe’s second periodic report as June 2002.
We have come to the conclusion that the GM, in order to be effective, should be hosted by an International Financial Institution, especially in light of recent INCD negotiations on the further elaboration of GM functions.
In the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, UNIDO-supported activities to attract FDI include the establishment of an investment promotion unit at the Ministry of Development, to be linked with the UNIDO World Investment Network Service; staff training; and dissemination of the UNIDO Investor’s Guide.
The Board suggests that in current and future information technology developments, the Office should align its systems to ensure proper matching of all data inputs; and identify and eliminate points where duplicate keying occurs, with the aim of avoiding the need for manually-maintained back-up records.
27. The implementation of the project will result in the strengthening of a network of development expertise on Africa with and among research centres and individual experts, and enhanced analytical and applied skills at the national policy-making level in support of economic and social policy-making.
First, decisions made about or on behalf of a child would be better informed and more likely to produce positive outcomes if the child him or herself was involved in the process.
She concluded that under those conditions and given the continuous Israeli damaging measures, the peace process has created a partnership which works to the advantage of one party, Israel, at the expense of the other, namely, the Palestinians. Round table II
On 15 March 1978 Israeli aircraft attacked civilian objects and commercial entities in the Awza‛i area close to the capital, Beirut. A total of 36 citizens were killed and a number of others were wounded.
2. Any person in respect of whom proceedings are being carried out in connection with any of the offences set forth in article 1, paragraph 1, of this Convention shall be guaranteed fair treatment at all stages of the proceedings, including enjoyment of all the rights and guarantees provided for such proceedings under the legislation of the State in the territory of which that person is present.
Note: The amounts presented in the table are to be adjusted in accordance with the adjustment formula presented at the end of the present decision to take account of exchange rate variations during the biennium.
The Executive Secretary of the Permanent Secretariat of the Convention on Desertification responded to a question raised.
(d) Parties to identify and agree to implement strategies to ensure climate change considerations are taken into account in all relevant Government policy areas and initiatives and include an evaluation of the effects thereof in national communications (Article (4.1(f));
V. Supplementary information on significant variances — backlog clearance budget
A great many delegations supported the broad objectives of the new orientation for the field of information, as contained in the report of the Secretary-General.
An area of particular and immediate importance to most developing countries and economies in transition is that of transit, in which the practical experience acquired by UNCTAD (through programmes like the Advance Cargo Information System (ACIS) and the Automated System for Customs Data (ASYCUDA) and its work on corridor agreements), as well as the availability of new technologies, represents a capital that could be brought to rapid fruition.
In Bethlehem, demonstrators broke through Palestinian police lines and hurled stones at Israeli forces guarding Rachel’s Tomb.
Effective cooperation among the various elements within the broad United Nations family of organizations is an imperative that we will pursue with determination.
(k) Liabilities and reserves and fund balances
A central aspect of this contract should be a common vision of universal growth and development benefiting all countries and all individuals.
As recommended, financial estimates and lessons learned are now being included together with the programmatic description.
Opiates and sedatives are the two main types of drugs abused, followed by cannabis and cocaine.
Reaffirming that the costs of the Force are expenses of the Organization to be borne by Member States in accordance with Article 17, paragraph 2, of the Charter of the United Nations,
An alternate representative or an adviser may act as a representative upon designation by the head of delegation.
40. The General Assembly, in its resolution 52/233, calls upon the Council to prepare guidelines on which Member States may be able to draw in addressing the diverse aspects of the year 2000 problem.
79. Steps should be taken to ensure full and equal enjoyment by women of the rights and freedoms guaranteed by the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and their equal participation should be encouraged at all levels of political, social and economic life of the country.
This allowed for contradictory interpretations by the parties.
6.1 The Office of Legal Affairs (OLA) maintained an average vacancy rate of 14 per cent for Professional posts during the biennium 1996-1997.
II. Agreed conclusions on services infrastructure for development and trade efficiency assessment
These recommendations will be based in part on the successful experiences of the South-East Asian countries.
Consequently, the average net remuneration of a United Nations official at the P-4 level in New York should be approximately 43 per cent higher than the base/floor salaries.
These projects build rural roads and irrigation facilities, protect land from soil erosion and floods, develop markets, build public amenities, and enhance forest resources.
2. The present report contains the budget for the maintenance of UNOMIG for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999, which amounts to $20,743,400 gross ($19,756,700 net), including budgeted voluntary contributions in kind totalling $2,294,000.
5 December 1997 GC.7/Dec.12 WORKING CAPITAL FUND
The relationship between seismic signals and yield is not fixed but subject to the vagaries of geology and a number of other unknown factors.
The policy of broad diversification of investments by currency, types of asset classes and geographical areas continued to serve as the most reliable method of protection over long periods of time against the unpredictability and volatility of financial markets.
J. Reservations to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women
More recently, the Programme re-emphasized the need to incorporate achievement indicators in the design of projects.
In Norway, according to the communication, gasoline consumption dropped by 8 per cent from 1990 to 1995 partly because of significant CO2 and general tax rate increases.
At 1445 hours Israeli forces and the minion Lahad's militia directed several bursts of fire at the area around the abandoned Army barracks in Nabatiyah.
Professor Helleiner will address the question “What kind of a finance conference would the world need?”. All members of delegations, Secretariat staff and repre-sentatives of non-governmental organizations and the press are invited to attend.
By mid-September 1998, refugees were still arriving, their number already exceeding 6,000.
In two cases involving $30,264 at ECA and $15,366 at the UNDP programme office in Nigeria, fraud was committed through the fraudulent endorsement of cheques.
A 14-year-old shepherd had been killed on the spot in the Tubas area near Jenin in the West Bank.
at its 66th meeting, held on 17 December 1996 at GenevaPreviously issued as S/AC.26/Dec.39 (1996).
4. Scope for expanding exports of developing countries in specific services sectors through all GATS modes of supply, taking into account their interrelationship, the role of information technology and of new business practices
22. At the end of 1998, combined cash, regular budget and peacekeeping taken together, is projected to drop further – to $577 million from $669 million – at the end of 1997.
In addition, gains from currency fluctuation and inflation would not be available for transfer to the Development Account, nor would savings that are due to underexpenditure as a result of postponement of activities or inability to carry out approved mandates and programmes.
138. United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board, forty-eighth session [General Assembly resolutions 248 (III) and 46/220]
The Plan of Action of the second Summit of the Americas, held in Santiago in April 1998, also requested ECLAC and OAS to strengthen regional cooperation in the area of education.
Economic and Social Council agreed conclusions
6. At its fifty-fourth session, the Commission on Human Rights took note with appreciation of the above-mentioned report of the Secretary-General and welcomed the steps taken by Governments and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations to implement the Plan of Action, and to develop public information activities in the field of human rights.
34. UNCTAD has recently completed two volumes of the World Investment Directory, one of which is devoted to Africa (to be issued as a United Nations publication, Sales No.E.97.II.A.1).
72. In February 1997, the Secretary-General transmitted to the General Assembly the report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on the audit and investigation of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (A/51/789).
However, it was far from clear that the Special Committee was an appropriate place to undertake the further study of that concept.
15. UNRWA continued to cooperate with the Governments of Jordan, Lebanon and the Syrian Arab Republic and with the Palestinian Authority in providing services to Palestine refugees throughout the area of operations, a subject covered in greater detail in chapter II of the present report.
The Protocol shall establish legally-binding QELROs for each Party to this Protocol.
Restructuring of the subsidiary bodies was completed at the end of January 1998.
As from Tuesday, 2 December 1997, and for the rest of the month, the President of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings on the current work of the Council for Member States of the United Nations which are non-members of the Council daily, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
Details of the action taken and the comments of the Board are set out in the appendix below.
81. The United Nations system, through UNFPA, has also been involved in the efforts to integrate population policies and promote reproductive health.
Detained in the West Bank since 4 December 1997
The Committee resumed its general discussion of Part VIII of this agenda item and heard statements by the representatives of Algeria and Cuba.
This does not mean that any party should abandon a legitimate demand, but only that it should not abandon negotiations without justification and that it should refrain from any action that might jeopardize a proposed agreement when it has entered into negotiations for the purpose of concluding an agreement.
This dialogue can try to avoid the danger whereby the immense diversity of our economic situations causes us to talk past one another because we have different immediate concerns.
36. Broad-based ongoing educational and awareness-raising campaigns, including the media, to combat domestic and international trafficking should be introduced nationally, subregionally, regionally and internationally.
Furthermore, too much burden is put on the official sector in providing bail-out finance for private creditors without sufficiently involving the latter in an equitable burden-sharing arrangement.
1. At its 4th plenary meeting, on 19 September 1997, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-second session the item entitled "Joint Inspection Unit" and to allocate it to the Fifth Committee.
The Vice-Chairman also referred to the documentation before the seventh session, as described in documents FCCC/SBI/1997/17 and Add.1.
22. Voluntary contributions in kind (non-budgeted)
III. POSITION OF THE INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS CONTROL BOARD ON THE CONTROLLED DISTRIBUTION OF HEROIN TO DRUG
Convention on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property
35. The Special Rapporteur remains concerned about the fate of the Serb, Kosovo Albanian and Roma civilians and Serbian police officers abducted by armed Kosovo Albanians, believed to be the KLA, and has appealed directly for their release.
At present, the Headquarters earth station supports some 30 Field Administration and Logistics Division remote earth stations with over 200 channels for the DPKO and the United Nations packet-switch network.
Therefore, based on the past spending pattern, provision is made in the amount of $180,000.
In relation to the recommendation contained in the Secretary-General's report on small arms for the convening of an international conference on the illicit arms trade, the Colombian Government's view is that such a conference should be held as soon as possible.
Creation of a multi-purpose sanatorium which could function as a temporary shelter for those in need from the whole affected area is also proposed.
An elaborate worldwide public relations campaign can bring business executives into a country, only to have them turn back due to an unwelcoming attitude on the part of a single customs official.
These trends were major driving forces for the expansion of trade in health services.
The President drew attention to the text of a draft resolution (S/1997/951) which had been prepared in the course of the Council’s prior consultations.
2. Factors and difficulties affecting the implementation of the Covenant
(b) Organization of the work of the session
CCPR/C/61/GUI Guidelines for the exercise of their functions by members
Also, a more viable country programme mid-term review process had been planned for 1996–1998 for a number of country programmes to help improve the achievement of desired results.
The failure of drug-free treatment services and the number of relapse cases convinced some States of the need to provide narcotic drugs for the chronic drug addicts who had failed in other programmes.
∙ Audits of the regional commissions (A/52/776, annex)
Consideration of reports of States parties [4]
Recalling its invitation to the International Atomic Energy Agency and the World Health Organization, in its resolution 52/55, to consider the functions and role of the Scientific Committee and to submit a recommendation to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session,
(e) Report of the Secretary-General on office accommodation at the Palais Wilson (A/C.5/52/19 and Add.1 and Add.1/Corr.1).
Workshop on Values and Governance in Asia
PART II. RECENT ORIENTATIONS IN UNCTAD'S ASSISTANCE TO THE PALESTINIAN PEOPLE 19 — 35
Stressing the importance of creating an economic, political, social, cultural and legal environment that will enable people to achieve social development at the national and international levels,
As detailed in section A of the present annex, provision under this heading is based on the worldwide third-party liability insurance premium rates in effect from 1 July 1997.
19. The Committee also recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft decisions:
The focus of such a desk should be on Mediterranean and regional initiatives as such and not on particular geographical considerations of the countries concerned.
Activities were grouped around six main areas: personal computers, networks, core (host) systems, field systems, Intranet and telecommunications.
For that reason, the new programme structure for the present medium-term plan was adopted by the Committee two years ago.
An informal presentation on the theme “The Enabling En-vironment for Private Sector Development in a Globalized World” by Mr. Jean-François Rischard, Vice-President and Head of the World Bank Network for Finance, Private Sector Deve-lopment and Infrastructure, will take place today Friday, 19 December 1997, from 1.30 p.m. to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 7.
38. So far only the United States and the Russian Federation maintain military radar satellites in orbit.
(p) financial assistance to the Association for the Protection of Nature (APN-Sahel) for the printing and distribution of a simplified Convention kit translated into local languages; and
The United Nations Development Programme and IPU are planning to conclude in the near future arrangements for a multi-year parliamentary support programme that will considerably expand cooperation in four areas: technical assistance for parliaments, promoting partnership between men and women in political life, promoting inter-parliamentary cooperation, and providing guidelines for assistance to parliaments based on an evaluation of past experience.
An account of the Committee’s consideration of the sub-item is contained in the relevant summary records (A/C.2/53/SR.35 and 42).
2. Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
22. The Administration stated that budgetary control measures were in place to monitor closely the income and expenditure on both the programme and support budgets.
VII. Cost estimates for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999
Research into the precise scale and extent of trafficking and the modus operandi of traffickers should be encouraged so as to provide a concrete basis for legal and policy change.
In October 1996, a representative of the Director-General of UNESCO briefed delegations attending the fifty-first session of the General Assembly on the results of the World Solar Summit and reported officially thereon to the Second Committee of the General Assembly during its examination of the item on sustainable development.
Training and research: United Nations Institute for Training and Research [100]
The Committee continued its general debate and heard a statement by the representative of Senegal.
Letter dated 22 July 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Austria to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting a statement on the situation in Nigeria issued on 22 July 1998 by the Presidency of the European Union (A/53/188)
The successful use of commercially available software later became the precursor for the global assets visibility programme of the field assets control system, which is described further in a report of the Secretary-General dated 31 July 1997 (A/51/957).
Some countries have adopted comprehensive plans of action for human rights education and established national committees to coordinate activities in this area.
7. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/53/L.17, as orally revised, without a vote (see para. 9).
The joint activities will be complemented by activities aimed at refining the comparative advantage of UNDCP and bolstering its position as a coordinating centre of expertise and knowledge.
80. The Committee recognized the importance of ongoing international efforts to ensure the continuity, compatibility and complementarity of systems for remote sensing of the Earth and to promote cooperation through regular meetings of satellite operators, ground-station operators and users.
2. The Secretary-General takes note of its findings and concurs with its recommendations. A/52/1020
73. The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) established an additional subregional office in Nairobi in 1998 for the benefit of eastern and southern African countries.
The analysis in chapters I and II has highlighted once again that the expansion and diversification of exports from developing countries continues to be hampered by both market access barriers and supply-side constraints.
With that decision, the Assembly implicitly waived financial regulations 4.2 to 4.4, according to which appropriations should be available only for the biennium to which they relate.
UNDCP also has procedures for thematic and project evaluations.
Our observations are evidenced by the minutes on the mentioned sessions (CERD/C/SR.1260 and CERD/C/SR.1262).
The Committee welcomes the efforts made by the State party in adopting its "Education for All" action plan, its efforts in the area of immunization, as well as combating iodine deficiency, and its project on mainstream education for disabled children.
Expressing its concern at the exploitation by Israel, the occupying Power, of the natural resources of the occupied Palestinian territory, including Jerusalem, and other Arab territories occupied by Israel since 1967,
He proposed, in conclusion, a set of countermeasures to address, in particular, the need for appropriate national frameworks, regional and international cooperation, as well as sanctions for precursor-related offences.
(i) Cultural development (A/52/382, A/52/413)
114. What is not theoretical is that molecular biology research has led to the development of many sophisticated techniques that are being used in basic and applied research, development of new products and processes, the industrial production of pharmaceuticals and specialty chemicals, and many other applications.
Second, he asked how the secretariat had come to the conclusion that “shock therapy” should be resisted.
The discussion on the practical experience with EMS and its comparison with other policy instruments, such as eco-labelling, may provide some insight on outstanding issues in the trade and environment debate in the WTO, in particular the Committee on Trade and Environment (CTE) and the Technical Barriers to Trade (TBT) Committee.
Administrative and budgetary aspects of the financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations [142]
38. Operational projects including the following:
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda item 40, and of the Security Council.
With regard to indicators, UNDP contributed to a global research programme on engendering labour statistics and the valuation of unremunerated labour.
PROGRAMME OF THE UNITED NATIONS HIGH COMMISSIONER FOR REFUGEES
8. Adequate openness to trade and full integration into the international trading system constitute a crucial objective for African countries. However, the timing, sequencing and degree of liberalization should be adjusted to the needs and constraints of African economies as they build up their international competitiveness.
39. The recommendations of OIOS appear below, with departmental responses provided in italics.
Recalling Security Council resolutions 983 (1995) of 31 March 1995, by which the Council decided that the United Nations Protection Force within the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia should be known as the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force, and 1142 (1997) of 4 December 1997, by which the Council extended the mandate of the Force for a final period, until 31 August 1998,
pursuant to Commission on Human Rights resolution 1995/45 of 3 March 1995, See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1995, Supplement No. 3 and corrigenda (E/1995/23 and Corr.1 and 2), chap. II, sect. A. and the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of Assembly resolution 52/120, A/53/293 and Add.1.
Such linkages had helped to expand not only domestic business turnover, but export revenues as well.
Although the Committee considered that a model of flexible cooperation should be created between the Committee and the Special Rapporteur, it considered that it might be useful to nominate a focal point from among its members to develop a closer relationship with the Special Rapporteur.
B. Communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention 17 - 19 8
D. Adoption of the report of the Conference of the Parties on its first session
A survey specialist normally spends two weeks conducting the survey in the field and five to six weeks for preparatory arrangements and processing of survey results.
17. A Dag Hammarskjöld Library workshop for United Nations depository librarians in the region on the use of United Nations documents is being planned for mid-1999 in Santiago.
* In its decision 1991/103, the Sub—Commission decided that any vote on draft resolutions submitted under item 6 of the agenda pertaining to allegations of violations of human rights in countries should be by secret ballot.
Note verbale dated 21 March 1997 from the Permanent Mission of the United States of America
22. Regarding the conclusions contained in paragraphs 36-37 of the conference room paper on the promotion of judicial cooperation, statements were made by the representatives of Argentina, Belgium, Bolivia, India, Peru, Portugal and Sweden.
The statement stressed that shooting medical personnel violated international law.
In 1996, UNDCP provided assistance to counter money-laundering to the following States: Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Cambodia, Chile, Colombia, Estonia, Haiti, Latvia, Lesotho, Lithuania, Nepal, Pakistan, Romania, Russian Federation, Slovakia and Swaziland.
The most complex processes now being experienced by developed societies, including new forms of racism, are a direct consequence of deregulated economic activities at the international level and of an inequitable and "wild" process of globalization.
20. The Situation Centre, which was formerly located in the Office of the Under-Secretary-General, has been transferred to the Office of Operations.
41. Among the detailed replies received, most Member States noted that the right to freedom of association was guaranteed for members of their national civil service in the promotion and defence of their social and professional rights and interests.
3. It was noted that international trade in the health services sector also demonstrated the extremely vulnerable position of least developed countries and other structurally weak economies.
23. In its current audit report the Board identified numerous irregularities regarding procurement of goods and services, both in the United Nations and in the funds and programmes.
Access to legal and judicial services as well as efficient functioning of the system are issues.
24. The Committee was encouraged to note that, despite the growing difficulties faced by the Palestinian economy, the international donor community had continued to make sustained and determined efforts to meet emergency needs and to promote the economic and social development of the Palestinian people.
111. During 1998-1999, the Asia and Middle East Unit will continue to support UNIFIL, UNFICYP, UNDOF, UNIKOM, UNMOT, UNMOGIP, UNSCO, UNTSO, UNGCI, UNSMA, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General in Cambodia and the Committee on Missing Persons in Cyprus.
The Centre has contributed to the background analysis for a possible strategy for the reduction of illicit drug crops cultivation, which was recently considered by the General Assembly at its special session devoted to the fight against the illicit production, sale, demand, traffic and distribution of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances and activities.
At 2040 hours Israeli forces and the minion Lahad's militia fired illumination flares over Kafr Tibnit and the Qasr Ghandur vicinity from their positions at Suwayda and Dabshah.
It set out an agenda for action, some parts of which have been implemented in the past year.
Dramatic cuts in assistance to Africa have been registered in recent years.
(c) Loans from United States financial institutions.
The Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions introduced the report of that Committee contained in document A/52/707.
7. The issue of procurement from developing countries and countries with economies in transition has been discussed in paragraph 15 of the Secretary-General’s main report and partially elaborated in paragraphs 2 to 8 of the addendum.
The Special Representative also takes note of efforts by the Rwandan Patriotic Army to assist international organizations in bringing food to displaced populations.
If necessary, measures should be taken to discuss the problem of Japan’s past crimes at the General Assembly or to bring it to the attention of the International Court of Justice.
Item 133: Financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Liberia;
64. ICRC and IFRC fully support the adoption of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, in the hope that this Statute will allow the Court to fight efficiently against criminals who mock the international community and whose impunity is an invitation to crime.
3. The Sub—Commission may limit the time allowed to speakers and the number of times each member may speak on any question; permission to speak on a motion to set such limits shall be accorded only to two members favouring and to two opposing such limits, after which the motion shall be put to the vote immediately.
UNCTAD should study the effects on the trade and development efforts of developing countries in the tourism sector, the measures to offset any adverse effects, and ways and means to expedite their recovery.
In spite of these recommendations, to date few reservations to article 2 have been modified or withdrawn by any State party.
Recommendations to the Committee for Programme and Coordination in evaluation reports
The Committee reiterates its concern about the constitutional provisions relating to the declaration of a state of emergency.
Despite appeals from my predecessor and from the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the international community failed to support efforts to separate former combatants from non-combatant refugees who had ensconced themselves on the territory of the former Zaire, along its border with Rwanda.
(f) Promotion of justice and international law;
55. The Committee recommended approval of the proposed revisions to programme 1, Political affairs, of the medium-term plan for the period 1998-2001, subject to the following modifications:
99. The Advisory Committee has no special comments to make with regard to the audits of UNU, UNRWA, UNDCP or the United Nations Office for Project Services, nor on the management review of the secretariat of the International Civil Service Commission (A/52/811).
46. In relation to the main areas of implementation of General Assembly resolution 51/8, Nicaragua has been supported by the response of UNFPA to high-priority national needs in the processes related to sexual and reproductive health, behaviour and rights.
Full ownership of reforms, founded upon a broad-based national consensus, is a necessary condition for success.
Some of these organizations have submitted separate proposals to the interim secretariat to undertake activities relevant to activities to be covered by this proposal.
22. In its reply of 5 August 1998 to the Secretary-General, Mexico stated that it had complied strictly with the provisions of resolution 46/215 establishing a total moratorium on large-scale pelagic drift-net fishing and that from 1990 to date no commercial fishing permit had been issued to fishing vessels with nets longer than 2,000 metres.
28. Recognizes the continued enhanced cooperation between the Department of Public Information and the University of Peace in Costa Rica as a focal point for promoting United Nations activities and disseminating United Nations information materials;
203. The countervailing view was that the subject matter dealt with in the guide touched upon a number of public law and policy issues and that it would therefore be difficult to attempt to formulate model provisions that adequately took into account the differences between legal systems and the variety of policy options.
Annex III Documents before the Committee at its eighteenth and nineteenth sessions
Estimates of CO2 emissions and removals for land-use change and forestry were provided by 15 Parties. 15 Parties provided estimates for HFCs, PFCs and SF6, although some of them not for all these gases.
There are regional arrangements on the issue, such as the Council of the European Communities directive 91/477/EEC, of 18 June 1991, on control of the acquisition and possession of weapons,Official Journal of the European Communities, No. L 256/51, 13 September 1991.
54. The Board recommends that the United Nations Office for Project Services review the use of ex post facto and retroactive agreements with the aim of eliminating the practice.
213. The Committee recommends that the State party introduce the measures necessary to monitor and supervise effectively the system of adoption of children in the light of article 21 of the Convention.
Regional banks, like the African Development Bank (Afdb), the Asian Development Bank (AsDB) and the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB) concentrate their activities on the specific needs of their respective regions.
The European Union earnestly desires to continue helping the Afghan people, who have already suffered so much from years of conflict.
(j) Appointment of the Under-Secretary-General for Internal Oversight Services.
In this regard, the Commission should promote further understanding of these issues.
5. Decides that the thirty-third session of the Commission on Population and Development, meeting as the preparatory committee for the special session, shall be open-ended to allow the full participation of all States;
6. The Special Representative was particularly interested in reviewing with the Government of Rwanda the progress achieved in the establishment and functioning of the National Human Rights Commission following the discussions he had had on this subject with all Government officials during his previous visits to Rwanda, discussions which were summarized in his report to the Commission on Human Rights (E/CN.4/1998/60, para. 39).
At 1850 hours Israeli forces fired two 120-mm mortar shells from their position at Ksarat al-Urush which fell on Mazra'at Uqmata.
A certain balance shall be maintained between policies and measures aimed at reducing emissions of greenhouse gases in emitting sectors and those aimed at reducing consumption of their products.
61. Despite the recommendations of the Secretary-General’s fact-finding mission and the decisions of the African Commission on Human and Peoples’ Rights, no qualitative changes have been made in the composition of tribunals or the processes to be employed by them in order to conform to article 14 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and article 7 of the African Charter.
In the practice of some countries, however, there was more scope for negotiating the final agreement after the project consortium had been selected, in view of the complexity and scale of infrastructure projects.
8. Notes the action taken by non-governmental organizations to encourage implementation of the Declaration, and invites them to continue to facilitate its dissemination and to contribute to the work of the Subcommission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities;
They could also have a positive effect on trade efficiency in that they place new demands on trade-related services, but they could at the same time highlight inefficiencies in the trading system not previously experienced.
In the field of judicial reform, for example, it is estimated that in early 1998, 23 projects supported by the Bank are under way or have been completed, with a further seven planned, ranging from simple studies of the court system in the case of Indonesia and Sierra Leone to major reforms of the judicial branch in Bolivia, the Russian Federation and Venezuela.
28. Honorariums are not paid to members of WMO organs and subsidiary organs.
142. Some delegations were of the view that the issues raised in the proposed questionnaire required an in-depth discussion which, for lack of time, it was not possible to have at the current session of the Special Committee. Consequently, consideration of the questionnaire should be postponed until the next session of the Committee.
Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or De-grading Treatment or Punishment, adopted by the General As-sembly of the United Nations on 10 December 1984
6. The Advisory Committee recalls that in paragraph 2 of the annex to his report to the Security Council dated 23 February 1998 (S/1998/148), the Secretary-General indicated that the mandate of MINURCA would be of a limited duration and, subject to the decision of the Council, would end 90 days after the announcement of the election results, with the actual drawdown of the Mission beginning no later than 60 days from the date of such an announcement.
Thus, even in the industrial sector, peak tariffs remain a significant market barrier for exports from developing countries.
As at 31 July 1998, there were 33 States parties to the Second Optional Protocol, an increase of three in the past year.
At 2150 hours occupation forces at Qal`at al-Shaqif (Chateau de Beaufort) fired illumination flares over the surrounding area.
63. In UNPREDEP, a contract in the amount of $2.9 million for the supply of rations for the period from October 1996 to September 1997 was based on the need to feed a total number of 1,367 people each day.
The Agency also serves as the seat of the General Secretariat of the International Organization of la Francophonie and provides it with administrative support.
1. Reiterating the commitment enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations to save succeeding generations from the scourge of war,
On 21 May 1997, Pakistan, at the request of Turkey, submitted a proposal to delete the name of Turkey from the lists of Parties included in Annexes I and II to the Convention through the review process envisaged in Article 4.2(f).
Therefore, the Paphos military airbase brought into service for use by the Greek military aircraft cannot be said to have a defensive purpose.
A representative of ISO stressed that the 14001 standard would be revised in 1999 and that all efforts would be made to involve all countries.
The programme budget for 1998-1999 has been prepared on the basis of the secretariat structure presented to SBI 5 (see FCCC/SBI/1997/3, paras. 20-45), with the modifications indicated in paragraph 6 above.
He made no reference to the fact that human lives were lost.
1397. In view of the various contributions made and the importance of the issues considered, the Committee felt that there was a need to ensure follow-up to the general discussion.
Other items that are always allotted to the Division include payroll charges for international staff (salaries, common staff costs and staff assessment), the hiring of aircraft and third-party liability insurance.
It should be reiterated that these acts of destruction are being promoted by Turkey in keeping with its policies and long-term expansionist plans against Cyprus.
Surprisingly however, a draft “resolution” designed to impair the sovereignty and dignity of our country has been tabled.
For individuals such criteria include “losses of income, support, housing or personal property.”Governing Council decision 1, “Criteria for Expedited Processing of Claims” (S/AC.26/1991/1), para. 14.
C. Organization of the work of future sessions 7 4
In its review of the Claims, the Panel found that all the Claims contained a statement of claim and evidence sufficient to establish at least parts of certain loss elements alleged within the Claims.
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 40.
a) Targeting initially, the following sources and mechanisms:
IRAQ Representative Mr. Dhari K. Mahmood, Director-General of the Ministry of Justice
It was recalled that the Commission had decided to review the methodology every five years.
UNESCO, with financial support from UNDP, has launched a programme of civic education for peace and good governance in Somalia.
A few examples are APNG (Asia Pacific Networking Group), JARING (Network for Malaysia), SDN (Pacific Sustainable Development Network), MauriNet (Mauritius Network), MANGO (Network for Non-Profit Community in Zimbabwe), and CCCNet (Co-operation Committee for Cambodia Network).
7. At the 32nd meeting, on 17 November, the representative of Egypt orally revised operative paragraph 3 to read:
B. Guarantees of non-recurrence of violations PRINCIPLE 37.
In a recent statement, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights of the Organization of American States, in its Press Communiqué No. 13/93 of 25 May 1993, declared that the obligation to respect and guarantee civil and political rights is an obligation erga omnes.
At the request of the SBI (FCCC/SBI/1997/16, para. 16 (c)), at its sixth session, and on the basis of responses received from Annex I Parties, the secretariat has prepared the schedule of the in-depth review (IDR) of their second national communications.
(b) Modalities of staffing the global mechanism.
Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the World Conference of Ministers Responsible for Youth (Lisbon, 8–12 August 1998) (Economic and Social Council resolution 1997/55)f
— Fostering the development of a regional scientific and technical space.
19 United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 1063, p.265.
The invasion of March 1978 — Operation Litani (Operation Peace for Galilee)
Should several observers on the list subsequently agree to make a joint statement, the time of the chosen speaker can be extended.
The Special Rapporteur on the Situation of Human Rights in Cuba, Mr. Carl Johan Groth, made a presentation.
3. Some experts commented on existing disciplines in bilateral investment treaties and explored the possibility of additional commitments.
22. As a follow-up to a meeting between the Secretary-General of OAS and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, held in Washington, D.C., on 30 April 1997, during the 1997 regular session of the OAS General Assembly, a UNHCR delegation met with the Under-Secretary-General for Legal Matters of OAS to further discuss an agenda on issues of mutual interest.
Welcoming the ministerial communiqué on market access: developments since the Uruguay Round, implications, opportunities and challenges, in particular for the developing countries and the least developed among them, in the context of globalization and liberalization, adopted by the Economic and Social Council on 8 July 1998, See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/53/3), chap. IV, para. 5.
Since that time and in response to demands by governing bodies for increased procurement from developing countries, United Nations organizations have utilized other mechanisms, including the following: increased outreach to developing countries through local business seminars on how to do business with the United Nations system; sharing of supplier information among United Nations organizations; increased advertisement of procurement opportunities in special United Nations publications, such as Development Business and Procurement Update, and now through the Internet; and training of procurement staff on better market research techniques.
The effectiveness of the financial mechanism will be assessed taking into account the following:
Those subsidiary organs that wish to meet during a regular session of the Assembly submit their requests through the Committee on Conferences.
Rajenda Kalidas Wimala Goonesekere (Sri Lanka)
23. The Administration stated that for some reason Member States had not provided voluntary contributions as expected and that the Foundation had realized the decreasing trend and lowered the income estimates for 1998–1999.
Special attention will be given to ensuring effective coordination and collaboration, especially in the efficient use of resources and joint activities.
As part of the campaign, the Council had also invested some NIS 4 million in infrastructure development.
28. The Inter-Agency Standing Committee has designated the Emergency Relief Coordinator as the focal point for inter-agency coordination of humanitarian assistance to internally displaced persons, with a focus on global advocacy for both protection and assistance requirements; resource mobilization; promoting global information on internally displaced persons; and support to field operations, including help with the negotiation of access to internally displaced persons.
As we approach the end of this century, we stress our common will to open a chapter of peace, understanding, economic welfare, prosperity and cooperation in the history of our region for the benefit of our peoples and of the whole of Europe.
Countries with macro-economic stability and an environment that is attractive to business have been able to attract private capital flows (mainly among middle income countries).
Section 26: Communications and public information
In this regard, she emphasized on the one hand the growing importance of transnational corporations in the world economy and the increasingly inextricable interlinkages between investment and trade that arose out of TNCs’ global networks, and on the other the highly uneven distribution of FDI and the marginalization of the LDCs, especially in Africa, in this regard.
The report further contains concrete examples of programmes and measures implemented at the national level, an evaluation of progress on the implementation of the Global Programme of Action and recommendations on ways and means of improving implementation.
Rapporteur: Mr. Djamel MOKTEFI (Algeria)
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of General Assembly resolution 53/___ on international cooperation to reduce the impact of the El Niño phenomenon (A/53/609/Add.6, para. 18, draft resolution I)c
They defined their role as a major partner in promoting the necessary legislative reforms for the implementation of the Habitat Agenda.
I. Recommendations adopted by the Expert Meeting . 2
The requisitions never resulted in obligations and were subsequently deleted.
Recalling its resolution S-8/2 of 21 April 1978 on the financing of the Force and its subsequent resolutions thereon, the latest of which was resolution 51/233 of 13 June 1997,
The Committee also expresses its serious concern at the increase in the number of child prostitutes and the fact that the State party does not have a clear strategy to combat the abuse and sexual exploitation of children.
Some United Nations common system organizations had pointed out to ICSC that the use of the regression technique produced anomalous results, increasing the average salary per job when a relatively poorly paying employer with a large staff was included in the employers surveyed.
It is worried about the absence of measures to combat this phenomenon and the lack of rehabilitation measures.
The United Nations Diplomatic Conference of Plenipotentiaries on the Establishment of an International Criminal Court, currently meeting in Rome, is studying proposals concerning a mandate to cover torture.
Paradoxically, immigration regulations may be drawn up to facilitate the entry of medical personnel, who then face difficulties in practising due to the lack of recognition of professional qualifications.
Letter dated 9 April 1998 from the Permanent Representative
28. Statements were made by the representatives of Germany and the United States.
4. Establishment of nuclear-weapon-free zones on the basis of arrangements freely arrived at among the States of the region concerned.
45. Although some progress has been made to improve the management of letters of assist, as indicated in paragraph 68 of the report of the Board of Auditors, the Advisory Committee notes that many of the other deficiencies previously identified still persist (see paras. 68–87).
Developing-country processors have advantages over those in developed countries such as low labour costs, high quality and lower prices of raw materials.
Table 1 on page below shows the 1996 income and expenditure under the main budgetary sources of the Centre.
The related reduction to the estimates, excluding provision for support account for peacekeeping operations, amounted to $7,059,000 gross ($6,792,500 net), including reductions in the number of military observers from 245 to 195, international staff from 82 to 71 (13 Professional, 19 General Service and 39 Field Service) and local staff from 174 to 170, as well as related reductions in transport operations and contractual services.
• The Council should take the lead in promoting greater involvement of civil society in the work and activities of the United Nations.
“UNDCP: facts and figures”, information note released in English in March
The approximate breakdown of estimated amounts according to teams is as follows: health, $24 million; ecological, $7.8 million; economic, $6.6 million; humanitarian, $3.3 million; and information, $1.3 million.
This report will be initiated in the second half of 1998, but its completion is expected to carry over into 1999.
The Committee calls on the State party to protect the freedom of an adult individual's sexual conduct and to bring its laws into conformity with article 17 of the Covenant.
Assessed contributions received (see para. 28 of the report)
26. UNIFEM also works to educate parliamentarians on gender-related issues.
(d) Publicity for the commissions' reports
3. Having the advantage of being held as the closing United Nations conference of the decade, Habitat II had the opportunity of drawing key principles from the deliberations of other conferences and of forging a comprehensive plan of action into concrete commitments and actions at the level where they matter most: the cities, settlements and communities where people work and live.
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith a copy of the statement issued by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the United Arab Emirates concerning the underground nuclear tests recently conducted out by India and Pakistan.
141. On 27 December, the border police arrested two Palestinians near the Maaleh Adumim settlement, one of whom was wearing an IDF uniform.
The four projects were ended by UNDP in December 1997.
(a) An intergovernmental working group be established to draft guidelines for the ethical use of the Internet;
Item 6 Technical cooperation activities:
The technical agencies are currently giving renewed attention to the question of how better to link their substantive capabilities to the conduct of operational activities.
The Committee recommends that, in order to combat impunity, steps be taken to ensure that all allegations of ill-treatment and unlawful use of weapons by security and police officials be promptly and impartially investigated by an independent body, that the perpetrators be prosecuted and punished, and that the victims be compensated.
Thus, since the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development in 1992, the Service has raised funds to finance and facilitate the participation in United Nations meetings or conferences of over 700 NGO representatives, almost entirely from developing nations.
Miscellaneous obligating documents are obligated at Headquarters and are reflected in the monthly allotment reports which indicate disbursements and obligations against the miscellaneous obligating documents.
(g) Fund of the United Nations Environment Programme;
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
34. Requests the Secretary-General to intensify his efforts aimed at filling vacancies in language services at all duty stations;
UNDP/DDSMS United Nations Development Programme/Department for Development Support and Management Services
2. Ms. Aissata Gomgnibou Boly Burkina Faso
Mr. Rafeeuddin Ahmed, Associate Administrator of UNPD, will serve as moderator.
(ii) Catalysing Multi-source/Multi-channel Financing; and
(i) To formulate sustainable development strategies and programmes to enable Governments and local communities to improve economic and social conditions among all vulnerable groups.
Between 1445 and 1735 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several 81-mm mortar shells at Wadi Bisri and areas around Dabshah hill and Rum hill from their positions on Dabshah, Rum and Anan hills.
These displaced families are also likely to require non-food assistance if they remain in the area.
The Chairman drew the attention of the members to aide-mémoire 1/97/Add.2 which contained the unofficial provisional list of documents relating to agenda items 86 and 87.
In this respect the Committee is concerned about the difficulties of the return of Serbs and others displaced in Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium.
In 1995, a large increase was reported by high-prevalence countries such as the United States (prevalence 7.1 per cent).
6. Reports of the Working Group on the Financing of UNRWA
In South Africa, measures have included the development of a through-invoicing system for railway traffic and the introduction of a Regional Rolling Stock Information System (RSIS).
(c) Completing the process of integrating United Nations information centres into the offices of United Nations resident coordinators, but with a much stronger system of feedback and accountability.
(j) Note by the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo; A/53/365.
Since its creation in the early 1980s, the ASYCUDA system has evolved towards a fully integrated open system for customs management and reform.
Consequently, the Security Council, in a presidential statement dated 30 July 1997 (S/PRST/1997/41) welcomed the successful holding of presidential and legislative elections in Liberia on 19 July 1997, and noted that it marked the fulfilment of a key element of the UNOMIL mandate.
These murders were strongly condemned by the international community.
One delegation welcomed the recent publicity given by the Department of Public Information to the report of the Secretary-General on the causes of conflict and the promotion of durable peace and sustainable development in Africa.
There will be informal consultations on the General Assembly draft resolution on the implementation of the outcome of the World Social Summit today, 30 October 1997, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room E.
The details of that support have been finalized by UNDP, in close consultations with the UNDP country office in Barbados and the Governments of Montserrat and the United Kingdom.
Action on all draft resolutions was taken at the 22nd to 31st meetings, from 3 to 6 and on 9, 10, 12 and 13 November (see A/C.1/53/PV.22-31).
The Iraq Programme was established as a separate office in the Secretariat; the Pisa warehouse is to be transferred to the World Food Programme (WFP); and responsibilities relating to the establishment of a resource centre to serve as a central depository of knowledge and experiences in demobilization and for operational activities for natural disaster prevention, mitigation and preparedness were taken on by UNDP.
Jointly financed administrative activities and special expenses
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/52/L.16 and L.40
“(c) In line with Agenda 21 Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, 3–14 June 1992, vol.
(iii) $50,000 for organization of trade-related round tables.
The process of cost estimation of inputs and the allocation of resources to different components within a project should be subjected to closer scrutiny at the project appraisal stage.
(iii) Competition law and policy (Intergovernmental Group of Experts on Restrictive Business Practices);1/
Option 1: Application of rotational arrangements to all or some of new permanent seats;2
In 1997, 47 per cent of projects approved anticipated some degree of involvement by NGOs.
The normal remuneration packages should be applied to other missions.
Following this scrutiny, the Secretary-General has concluded that the long-term “core” staffing for the Base should be increased by 4 to 48, by including the personnel required to operate and maintain the satellite relay facility, one of the Base’s primary tasks.
(b) List of other Palestinians killed as a result of the occupation
At that time the question of legal regulation of the use of sea straits, which were the main routes for the flow of goods and cargoes, was regarded as vital for the very existence of States.
As at 5 August 1998, US$ 1,322,066.44 had been received.
Includes medical clinic and transportation workshop.
11 Central Bureau of Statistics, Statistical Abstract of Israel, 1995 and 1992.
Furthermore, the Insurance Section was not able to confirm what action had been taken to address the issues raised in the inspection.
Increase due to the provision of resources for the expanded mission over a 12-month period.
Between 1820 and 2110 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several 155-mm and 120-mm artillery shells at Mazra`at Umqata, areas along the Tasah Spring and outlying areas of Kafra, Yatar, Haris and Majdal Zun from their positions at Tall Ya`qub, Zafatah and Ksarat al-Urush.
Heads of agencies have agreed to share the guiding principles with their respective executive boards, as well as with all their staff, especially those in the field, and to apply them in their activities on behalf of internally displaced persons.
1. Calls upon the Parties included in Annex I to the Convention (Annex I Parties), when submitting annually national greenhouse gas inventories, to follow the relevant parts of the revised UNFCCC guidelines for the preparation of national communications by Annex I Parties, as well as the relevant conclusions of the fourth session of the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice;
204. UNCTAD – Consultations of the Secretary-General and of the President of the Trade and Development Board [Trade and Development Board decision at its thirteenth executive session (8 July 1996) and General Assembly resolution 51/167]
23. The Expert Meeting discussed to what extent the results of the Uruguay Round contributed to facilitating the trade of developing countries, and whether governments were more constrained in the choice of their diversification policies.
22. In 1991, the Governing Council (now the Executive Board) approved the establishment of a reserve for field accommodation that was to be used to finance the UNFPA share of construction costs of common premises.
Plants for the pumping of clean drinking water and sewage are unable to function as a result of the scarcity of electrical power, forcing people to take contaminated, unpurified water directly from rivers, which has led to the spread of epidemics and contagious diseases.
We note with satisfaction that all the participants in this process express a political commitment to the obligations arising under the Programme of Action.
This blatant incursion across the line of control by Indian military personnel has raised tension to an even higher level, increasing further the threat to peace and security in the region.
Ideally, they will allow all external partners to jointly identify, analyse and prioritize key issues and problems on the basis of shared principles and objectives.
President McDonald notes that, with the current capacity of the two Trial Chambers, and with the possibility that further indicted persons might be transferred to the custody of the Tribunal or that several cases might be severed, the Tribunal might require considerable time to complete all the trials.
III. The exercise of civil and political rights
The National Institute of Adult Education addressed its action to a population comprised mainly of women and also offered non-formal employment training services.
The Board noted that the Nairobi Office had yet to take an inventory of the applications systems and check them for year 2000 compliance.
The representative of UNCTAD made substantive presentations on competition legislation and participated in the debates.
Joint session of the high-level segment of the Trade and Deve-lopment Board and the Second Committee
The programme covers the period 1997–1998 for a total budget of approximately $1.8 million.
53. To ensure selection of consultants on a more competitive basis, all proposals for consideration of a sole candidate for recruitment should be actively discouraged.
At its 3rd plenary meeting, on 15 September 1998, the Assembly decided to include the item in the agenda of its fifty-third session.
Developing infrastructure and protecting the environment
Reference was made to positive experiences in countries that had established “one-stop shops” as a means of promoting foreign investment.
However, severe overcrowding in prisons is still a matter of grave concern, and the reported increase of the mortality rate in prisons is alarming.
International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO (Part IV, section 11B)
That is why they are known as anti—competitive practices, as described below:
VII. DEVELOPMENT AND TRANSFER OF TECHNOLOGIES
For the next eight days Danh Teav was denied any outside contact, despite repeated requests by his lawyer and wife to see him.
- the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (1979) (article 14, paragraph (2)(h));
C. Working methods of the Special Committee
These should be administrative measures, of a preventive, not punitive, character, duly safeguarding the officials' rights.
1. The Second Committee held a substantive debate on agenda item 93 (see A/53/608, para. 2).
The Special Committee should also contribute to the efforts to reform the Security Council, including its composition, and to improve its working methods.
8. The Office has addressed this concern pursuant to recommendation I (a) above.
The 1998 seminar, to be convened at the end of October 1998, will address “Political culture and institutions for a world community”.
Committees SPECIAL POLITICAL AND DECOLONIZATION
UNMOT currently has 65 vehicles (52 operational and 13 under write-off action), with 8 additional vehicles being provided under the current budget.
In its original formulation, financial liberalization did not extend to international financial flows.
(i) In the relevant activities of UNCHS (Habitat); and
An informal presentation will be given by Mr. Kemal Dervis, Vice-President, Middle East and North America Regional Office (World Bank), on Thursday, 23 October 1997, from 1.30 p.m. to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 7.
Furthermore, the Committee expresses its concern at the lack of specific mechanisms to register and address complaints from children concerning violations of their rights under the law and the Convention.
“Citizens and their associations have the right to possess land as private property.
The helicopter would be provided through a reconfiguration of the air support resources already approved for the Mission.
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/174).
The Committee decided that whenever serious cases brought before it were of relevance to any other treaty body or human rights mechanism established by the Commission on Human Rights, they would be brought to the attention of those bodies.
In order to address the deficiencies in cash management, the Budget and Finance Section of ECA had been restructured in May 1997 to establish adequate segregation of functional responsibilities to address the weaknesses in internal controls.
“Reaffirming that lasting progress towards the implementation of the right to development requires effective development policies at the national level, as well as equitable economic relations and a favourable economic environment at the international level,
While overall numbers had not changed greatly, except for a major reduction in the staff available to process communications, there had been an exponential increase in the number of demands placed upon the treaty bodies as a result of, inter alia, rapidly expanding participation in the treaty regime, a correspondingly sharp increase in the number of reports to be processed and the number of communications received, an expansion in the range of activities undertaken by the treaty bodies, particularly in response to calls from States, and growing interest in the work of the treaty bodies by a wide range of actors, accompanied by many demands for information and assistance.
A total of 202 journalists are accredited with the Tribunal.
There shall be no obstruction in an opening leading to a vent or pressure-relief device which might restrict or cut-off the flow from the shell to that device.
A package of model laws on the regulation of licit activities, the repression of illicit activities, extradition and mutual legal assistance, money-laundering and confiscation of proceeds, as well as on the creation of required drug control bodies and coordination mechanisms, is available in Arabic, English, French, Portuguese, Russian and Spanish, for use in the main legal systems.
At 2045 hours mortar shells fired by the minion Lahad's militia fell in Wadi Bisri.
1. Decides that the information contained in the initial communications of Parties not included in Annex I will be considered in a facilitative, non-confrontational, open and transparent manner to ensure that the COP has accurate, consistent and relevant information at its disposal to assist it in carrying out its responsibilities;
Some examples include Pactok (PacificTalk), ScINET-PHIL (Science and Technology Network of the Philippines), and STACnet (Philippine Science & Technology Advisory Council Network).
3. Follow-up mechanisms established within UNHCR and IOM continued to ensure the implementation of the Programme of Action, in cooperation with concerned States and intergovernmental organizations.
98. Further efforts by the Government are needed to demonstrate its determination to strictly enforce the prohibition of torture by police and military investigators, including through the prosecution of torturers.
Responses received for the preparation of the present report indicate that development challenges are becoming more complex, requiring greater cooperation and the convergence of the work of different organizations in the follow-up to global conferences.
Differences emerged over who was responsible for payment of the termination benefits to the locally employed civilians, the United Nations or the United Kingdom. The United Nations took the position that as the issue was generated by the United Kingdom’s decision to withdraw from providing those services, the cost should be based on the same cost-sharing formula that was applied to locally employed civilians salaries and other staff costs, including termination payments to individual locally employed civilians who had been terminated during the life of the Memorandum of Understanding.
(c) Adoption of the report on credentials
16. Proposal submitted by the Republic of Korea (A/AC.252/1998/WP.16)
Regulations related to energy management, building insulation, building acclimatization systems and equipment labelling and standards are part of the government's energy efficiency policy and likely to also limit CO2 emissions.
45. Complaint by Ukraine regarding the decree of the Supreme Soviet of the Russian Federation concerning Sevastopol.
Encourages the Economic and Social Council, as well as its functional commissions and their subsidiary bodies, and other United Nations bodies and the specialized agencies to consider the feasibility of participation by representatives of the human rights treaty bodies in their meetings;
53. Support account for peacekeeping operations.
The most important instruments enshrining this principle include the Charter of the United Nations and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights:
1 On 29 October 1997, the Chairperson wrote to the Ambassador of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea emphasizing that the Human Rights Committee is the only competent body established by the Covenant to address questions relating to States parties’ reports submitted under article 40 of the Covenant.
This atrocious crime is documented by incontrovertible evidence and the accounts of two arrested members of the terrorist organization who are directly responsible for the killing of these civilians.
(a) Adoption of the report of the Conference of the Parties on its third session;
DDSMS Department for Development Support and Management Services of the United Nations Secretariat
However, based on past experience with regard to the actual cost of maintaining the UNDOF vehicles, provision is made in the total amount of $940,908 for spare parts, repairs and maintenance of 387 vehicles as follows: 303 civilian pattern vehicles at the rate of $1,376 per vehicle per annum ($416,928) and 84 military pattern vehicles at the rate of $6,237 per vehicle per annum ($523,980).
This market has traditionally been dominated largely by European and United States companies, which have a significant presence in developing countries and dominate the markets in most.
While provision was made for 48 trips (40 repatriations and 8 rotations) at an average cost of $3,900 per person round trip, actual travel totalled 67 trips (20 repatriations and 47 rotations), at an average cost of $4,600 per person round trip.
The World Conservation Union, whose formal name is the International Union for the Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources, was founded in 1948 at a conference convened by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), and France in Fontainbleau, France.
There remain unanswered several concerns of the Committee, which were noted by the delegation, and it is anticipated that full, up—to—date answers will be provided in the fourth periodic report.
The project covers institution-building and water quality and ecological monitoring in six countries – Benin, Cameroon, Côte d’Ivoire, Ghana, Nigeria and Togo.
H.E. Mr. Hugo Saguier Caballero (Paraguay) was elected as Chairman of Meeting by acclamation.
There seems, however, to be some convergence of views that a policy of lending into arrears potentially provides IMF and the official community with the opportunity to manage crises by signalling confidence in the debtor country’s policies and longer-term prospects.
17. No provision is required under this heading.
For all future programmes involving pilot phases, UNITAR will try to demonstrate that the pilot approach contributed to the success of the programme, by underlining (a) modified “objectives”, “actions”, “budget”, etc., in subsequent programme phase proposals; and (b) “outputs” and “impacts” as indicated in internal and external reports and reviews of subsequent programme phases.
1992-1995 First Deputy Director of the Legal Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation.
Letter dated 13 March 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Bulgaria to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the joint declaration of the Ministers for Foreign Affairs of countries of south-eastern Europe concerning the situation in Kosovo, adopted at Sofia on 10 March 1998 (A/53/84–S/1998/234)
6.6.3.2.3 Gaskets shall be made of materials compatible with the non-refrigerated liquefied gas(es) intended to be transported.
is the fundamental programme of action for achieving sustainable development, and that the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21, Resolution S-19/2, annex. adopted at the nineteenth special session of the General Assembly, will enhance the full implementation of the outcome of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development,
3. Intergovernmental Authority on Development
of any opinion whatsoever on the part of the Secretariat of the United Nations.
114. On 21 March, Palestinians attended rallies held in Ramallah and Hebron to mark the thirtieth anniversary of the Karameh battle.
Another suggestion considered was that the adjustment should be available only to Member States falling below the threshold for the low per capita income adjustment.
It also called for a short-term strategy that would focus on consolidating existing agreements and actions to reduce nuclear-weapon stockpiles, implementing measures to reduce the risks of inadvertent nuclear war, and dividing the elements of the multidimensional strategy into a number of phases, with indicative time periods for completion.
10. The preparatory body may wish to recommend that, following established practice, the General Committee of the special session should consist of the President of the special session of the General Assembly and the 21 vice-presidents and the chairmen of the seven Main Committees of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly, on the understanding that they may be substituted by members of their delegations or members of delegations of States belonging to the same regional group and of the chairman of the ad hoc committee of the special session, if such a committee is established. I. Participation of non-governmental organizations
-Financing visits to laboratories and carrying out discussions for collaboration;
V. Action to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session
According to the report, 447 Palestinian houses had been demolished and 294 sealed off as punishment for violent offences committed by a suspected or convicted family member.
42. Lengthy pre-trial detention remained a widespread violation of the right to personal liberty.
- Decree No. 96-288 of 3 April 1996 relating to the organization and operation of the Competition Commission
The memorandum called for rigorous investigations to allow accurate and credible determinations in each case after consideration of all aspects.
Recognizing that the establishment of internationally recognized nuclear-weapon-free zones, with due regard to the specific characteristics of each region and on the basis of arrangements freely arrived at by the States of the region concerned, can play an important role in promoting regional and global peace and security,
The unspent balance of $21,752,900 gross ($19,524,600 net) represents, in gross terms, some 12 per cent of the amount appropriated.
The Forum also made a number of recommendations on the disposal of obsolete chemicals, pesticide risk reduction, and pollution release and transfer registers, and on emerging issues, such as endocrine disrupting substances.
(b) Economic and technical cooperation among developing countries
2. The Economic Commission for Europe, the Economic Commission for Africa, and the United Nations Institute for Training and Research were represented at the meeting.
Other major producers include the five countries of central Asia (with a combined area of about 170,000 hectares under illicit cannabis cultivation and wild growth), Morocco (some 50,000 hectares), Mexico (some 7,000 hectares) and Colombia (5,000 hectares).
(b) Facilitation of assistance to affected developing countries in accordance with article 23, paragraph 2 (c), and article 26, paragraph 7, of the Convention;
UN 3052 Add subsidiary risk “4.3” in column (b2) .
Delegations were urged to inscribe their names on the list of speakers as soon as possible.
(d) Business practices/trade facilitation 11
Statement XXVIII (concluded) Schedule 28.1
(d) Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action;
Major appointments and tasks carried out during this period:
She stated that she had distributed to all locally employed civilians a memorandum informing them that all locally employed civilian contracts would be terminated on 30 June 1995; all attendant termination benefits and allowances applicable under the Civilian Establishment and Pay Office contract provisions would become payable to each locally employed civilian on board at UNFICYP at that date; and completely new United Nations contracts would be issued effective 1 July 1995.
Poland is of the view that Cuban debt to Poland does not constitute an obstacle to the development of bilateral economic relations.
Note by the Secretary-General on the Human Rights Field Operation in Rwanda (A/53/367)
That had meant increased reliance on food imports to stave off famine.
Specialized application software that relates to programmes will improve programme delivery.
1. Endorses the Plan of Action for the Alliance for Africa’s Industrialization2 as the implementing mechanism for the refocused programme of the Second Industrial Development Decade for Africa;
It is very unfortunate for Mr. Clerides that he is attempting to realize full membership in the European Union in the shadow of the S-300 missiles.
8. The Third Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft decisions:
The impact of expatriation on the lives of staff members and their families did not diminish over time.
c Includes assessed contributions irrespective of collectability.
(iii) 24,239,481 dollars, being the balance in the surplus account as at 31 December 1997;
The Conference also recorded its support for the establishment of the International Criminal Court and welcomed the Ministerial Conference on Human Rights in Africa, scheduled to take place in Angola in October 1998.
27. Cooperation between the United Nations and the League of Arab States
248. On 8 December, police confiscated documents from the office of the American Holy Land Foundation in A-Ram in northern Jerusalem.
All pressure relief device inlets shall under maximum filling conditions be situated in the vapour space of the shell and the devices shall be so arranged as to ensure that the escaping vapour is discharged unrestrictedly.
1974 At Group of 77 on the Law of the Sea, Nairobi.
10. The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
Requests the Commission on Human Rights to pay particular attention to the human rights of the girl child”.
This reflects an overall increase of 2 per cent in gross terms compared with the resources approved for the preceding 12-month period, from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998, of $49,525,400 gross ($47,637,200 net), excluding $1,952,100 for the support account for peacekeeping operations.
ILO worked on both a diagnostic study of the development of the Ministries of Labour and an analysis of the new roles of future Ministries in the context of the current reform of labour administration and completed a diagnostic study of all the Ministries of the region, which described their development up to 1992.
In Eastern Europe an import and retail structure is beginning to emerge, but the importation of high-value processed horticultural products is still constrained by relatively low per capita incomes.
39. The Chairman, in summing up the deliberations, expressed his appreciation to all delegations that had participated therein and said that the matter would be taken up by the Sixth Committee.
and United Nations General Assembly Resolution 3202 (S-VI): Programme of Action on the Establishment of a New 1974 International Economic Order United Nations Multilateral Non-binding Adopted
4. Reiterates that those Member States that become personnel contributors to United Nations peacekeeping operations in years to come or that participate in the future in the Special Committee for three consecutive years as observers shall, upon request in writing to the Chairman of the Special Committee, become members at the following session of the Special Committee;
37. The cost breakdown in annex I (column I) shows the resources for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998 contained in the report of the Secretary-General of 4 February 1997 (A/51/793).
The AGBM considered this matter at its 4th meeting, on 11 December.
(e) ITC would continue to submit its annual budget proposal in Swiss francs to WTO, in accordance with the established procedures for submission and reporting of the WTO budget and taking into account the approved level of the United Nations share for the ITC budget;
Consideration of effective measures to enhance the protection, security and safety of diplomatic and consular missions and representatives
Statements were made by the representatives of the United Republic of Tanzania (on behalf of the Group of 77 and China), Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union; Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia and Cyprus aligned themselves with this statement), the United States, Samoa (on behalf of the Alliance of Small Island States), the Marshall Islands, Myanmar, Guinea, Malta and Slovakia.
The Commission decided, in accordance with "A Partnership for Growth and Development", to convene in 1998 three expert meetings on the following topics:
In the case of such organizations, one or more of whose member States is a Party to this Protocol, the organization and its member States shall decide on their respective responsibilities for the performance of their obligations under this Protocol.
(c) Promoting greater efficiency and effectiveness through better coordination of the activities of the United Nations bodies active in the field of human rights, taking into account the need to avoid unnecessary duplication and overlapping of their mandates and tasks;
Arreglo de controversias según el derecho del mar (Settlement of disputes according to the law of the sea) (1989).
27. Regarding human rights, Mullah Omar indicated that the Taliban authorities were ready to cooperate with an international investigation into the reported mass killings and mass graves of Taliban fighters in Mazar-i-Sharif, Dasht-i-Leli, in the jail of Bamyan and the recent claims and reports of mass killings.
GrameenPhone is a premium-priced cellular telephony (GSM) offering for individuals and business in Bangladesh’s urban centres and has about 4,000 subscribers.
A review of selected outputs produced during the bienniums 1994-1995 and 1996-1997 suggest that there were instances in which the resources utilized were disproportionately high in comparison to the final product.
Overall, it was felt that the implementation of the ISO 14001 standard was only in its infancy.
3. The Islamic Republic of Pakistan wishes to stress that Turkey, though in complete agreement with the idea and understanding of the Convention, regrets not being able to sign the FCCC due to her inclusion in the annexes, as a "developed" country.
1. The previous recommendation made by the Fifth Committee to the General Assembly under agenda item 143 appears in the report of the Committee contained in document A/52/846.
Further, through its resolution on tolerance and pluralism at the Commission on Human Rights, India has also been encouraging the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to develop expertise in propagating these values through its own programmes.
This item was included in the agenda of the forty-seventh session of the General Assembly, in 1993, on the proposal of the Secretary-General (A/47/955).
He questioned whether, without deliberate measures to stimulate the transfer of climate-friendly technologies, such technologies would be available to developing countries.
Letter dated 11 November 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Indonesia to the United Nations, on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China, addressed to the Chairman of the Second Committee (A/53/664)
315. On 8 October, the Civil Administration and the IDF pledged that the bedouin families, consisting of some 170 persons, who had recently been expelled from their place of residence near the Kedar settlement would be allowed to return to the site within two days and that their possessions would be returned to them.
Because of their substantive implications, points (1) and (4) are addressed in greater detail.
18. Decides to consider the question of the elimination of all forms of religious intolerance at its fifty-fourth session under the item entitled “Human rights questions”.
15. Also welcomes the efforts made by the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights towards the promotion and realization of the right to development, and invites her to explore further ways and means to achieve this objective;
Report of the Fifth Committee (Part II)
According to one eyewitness, the stones were thrown from the roof of a settler house and shots were fired by a settler at the tractor.
Similarly, countries in Africa with rapid gross domestic product (GDP) growth rates – such as Botswana, Mauritius and Tunisia – have reduced the incidence of poverty; but progress is much less clear in economies that have recorded only moderate growth and for only a limited period of time.
The Commander stated that the settler was struck by bullets from a weapon wielded by one of the other settlers as they tried to drive off the Palestinians.
Presentation by Mr. Joinet, in his capacity as Special Rapporteur on amnesty, of a final report entitled “Study on amnesty laws and their role in the safeguard and promotion of human rights” (E/CN.4/Sub.2/1985/16/Rev.1).
The State party notes that Mr. Del Cid was assisted by specialist lawyers during his trial, and that these lawyers should initiate actions to claim the compensation recommended by the Committee.
The authorized strength of the Mission is 203 military observers, 186 contingent personnel, 7 force orderly personnel and 81 civilian police observers, supported by a civilian establishment of 285 international staff, 105 local staff and 10 observers from the Organization of African Unity (OAU).
With currently available techniques and at the present growth rate, the known uranium reserves are expected to fill global needs for many years to come, although the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) estimates that more efficient use of uranium resources probably will have to be considered before the year 2050.
Taking into account the constant aspiration of the two peoples to build democratic, law-based and secular States,
55. In paragraph 9 of the resolution, the Assembly invited the Economic and Social Council to request all its subsidiary bodies to carry out the same review.
The meeting produced an inter-agency action plan addressing issues of prevention of separation, inter-agency collaboration, and fostering reunification and reintegration.
The Committee began its general debate and heard statements by the representatives of Luxembourg (also on behalf of the European Union, as well as by the following Associated countries: Bulgaria, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Norway, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia), Thailand and Lebanon.
I. DRAFT PROVISIONAL AGENDA AND DOCUMENTATION FOR THE FORTY-FIRST SESSION OF THE COMMISSION 1-5 2
He emphasized institutional cooperation between these conventions.
It is therefore unreasonable for the Special Rapporteur to focus on the pumping of oil without taking the trouble to enquire about the corresponding delivery of humanitarian supplies to Iraq.
This progress illuminates the need for assistance to Somalia to be adapted to the varied realities of each geographical region and underlines the fact that any credible assistance programmes for Somalia must reflect the differing environments within which United Nations operations are undertaken.
These acts are in complete disregard of international law, the Charter of the United Nations and the relevant decisions of the Organization on the question of Cyprus.
During the Soviet era there were limitations on the Saami fishing rights, but the Saami were entitled to use the land and water for their own subsistence.
The SSE programme had a capital base of $1.7 million at mid-1998 and an overall recovery rate of 94 per cent.
The decision establishes a reserve fund for field office accommodation and specifies only that “75 per cent would be earmarked for field office accommodations, relating mainly to UNICEF participation in common premises with other United Nations organizations.
1. In paragraph 5 of its resolution 52/1, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to consider the possibility of expanding the use of the Logistics Base to other agencies and programmes of the United Nations and to make this information available so as to enable the Assembly to take a decision on the future of the Logistics Base, in the context of a coherent strategy for logistic support.
The Secretariat was requested to prepare, for a future session of the Commission, a note presenting the findings based on the analysis of the information gathered.
From the GAW monitoring perspective, the following needs can be outlined:
Perhaps it was time to resume that procedure.
GC.7/22 A. States from List A of document UNIDO/GC.1/3
There will be a dialogue with the Chairperson of the Committee on the Rights of the Child, Ms. Sandra Mason, on Friday, 14 November 1997, from 2 p.m. to 3 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
I can assure you that my colleagues and myself are well aware, constantly, of this responsibility.
It was considered that the budget outline was the logical place to include priorities because it provided direct guidance to the Secretary-General on resource allocation in his proposed programme budget.
The observer for Palestine made a statement.
44. In the context of the Secretary-General’s efforts to introduce a performance-based culture, a significant step has been taken with the introduction of a new performance appraisal system, which ultimately must provide the basis for any system of recognition and rewards.
He shall be the highest official of the Agency of la Francophonie.
25. A series of administrative measures taken over the last six months should allow State prosecutors and judges to better carry out their tasks.
– The existing permanent members do not appear willing at present to accept any Charter-based limitation of their veto powers.
Turkmenistan rejects that principle, just as it also rejected the condominium concept which formerly prevailed.
The Committee understands that the introduction of the new procedure of pre-trial court management may affect the number of estimated witnesses.
7. In the light of these developments, and acting on behalf of the Secretary-General of the United Nations, he had convened the Meeting in order that the Governments concerned could decide to put the Agreement into force provisionally or definitively among themselves in whole or in part.
On this special occasion, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, H.E. Mr. Kofi Annan will recognize project represent-atives from Viet Nam, South Africa, El Salvador and from the United States for their outstanding contributions to the eradication of poverty.
Though recent growth in GDP (7.4 per cent in 1995) has largely come from the service sector and small and medium-sized units, which are not in relative terms major contributors of GHGs, heavy and energy-intensive industry remains important, including in exports.
I should be grateful if the present letter could be circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda item 110 (b).
In UNDCP, notwithstanding the lack of audit reports on nationally executed projects, the programme had made significant progress in encouraging executing agencies to provide audit reports.
ITC activities were designed to translate policy and strategy developments into actual business opportunities and to enable the exporting community to derive full benefits from these opportunities.
(a) Project personnel who are unable to perform their duties by reason of illness or injury, or whose attendance at work is prevented by public health requirements, will be granted sick leave.
The second set of off-site Internet training course has been scheduled by the Information Technology Services Division (ITSD) to take place from 17 to 24 November 1997.
4.2.1.13.6 Portable tanks shall be fitted with pressure-relief devices and emergency-relief devices.
In such circumstances, it is difficult to determine to what extent GEF contributions are new and additional.
27. At its 224th plenary meeting, on 28 April, the Disarmament Commission adopted by consensus the reports of its subsidiary bodies and the conclusions and recommendations contained therein regarding agenda items 4, 5 and 6.
Strengthening international cooperation in the peaceful exploration and use of outer space also implied the need for the Committee itself to improve, whenever necessary, the methods and forms of its work.
24. Despite difficulties of all types, the Haitian Government’s efforts to reform the judicial system are slowly proceeding.
Item 113 (c) of the provisional agenda*
Study visits to the Swedish Competition Authority and to the United Kingdom and the participation of the Board’s officials in several conferences in the field of competition law and policy were financed.
62. Overall, regional reports and international meetings have concluded that the amounts of drugs being trafficked through the Caribbean continue to rise more rapidly than local seizure and interception rates suggest.
19. At the 59th meeting, on 27 March, the Chairman orally proposed a draft decision entitled "Implementation of resolution 52/214 B, paragraphs 24 and 25", following informal consultations, which the Committee adopted without a vote (see para. 20, draft decision IV).
(ii) International programmes related to climate change, such as the World Climate Programme and the forthcoming Climate Agenda proposal, as well as the System for Analysis, Research and Training (START) initiative of the International Geosphere-Biosphere Programme (IGBP) and the scientific and educational programmes of WMO and UNEP as they are developed.
The group of experts in international law submitted its recommendations to the Commission in 1997 and concluded that the Saami people have right to ownership and possession of certain traditional areas.
However, illegal weapons do not have that protection, and their war-time use easily meets the rest of the definition of torture: their use causes severe pain and suffering, both physical and mental; their use is intentional; they are used to unduly coerce the enemy or the civilian population into surrender, submission or other state favourable to the user of the weapons; and their use is under the direct order of public officials.
Informal consultations on organizational issues for the special session of the General Assembly on drugs in 1998, organized by the Permanent Mission of Portugal, will take place today, 28 October 1997, from 9 a.m. to 10.30 a.m. and from 5 p.m. to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 9.
Half of the countries reporting injecting drug use also reported HIV infection among the injecting drug abusers (see map 3, p.10).
35. OIOS acknowledges the additional comments of the Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts that, since the required technical capacity is not available internally, a claims audit by an outside auditing firm would be the most consistent approach to checking on the accuracy and reasonableness of claims handling and the performance of plan administrators.
Representatives of the cooperative sector participated in the codification of the 1992 law, but are reported to be dissatisfied with the adopted text.
Some have also requested access to informal negotiating meetings.
and for promoting sustainable development
7. The text of the new programme would read as follows.
Paragraph 32 of the report indicates that the prototype could be limited to one duty station.
4 See the following presidential statements and notes of the President of the Security Council (listed here in chronological order):
These conclusions are basically the same as those of the preliminary report of the Special Rapporteur (E/CN.4/1997/6/Add.2) and the joint mission of the Commission on Human Rights (A/51/942 and E/CN.4/1998/64).
1. Human resources management [153] (A/52/438, A/C.5/51/ 55 and Corr.1, A/52/7, paras. 107 to 112, and A/C.5/52/2)
4. Also requests the Director-General to submit a progress report on the implementation of the present resolution through the Industrial Development Board to the General Conference at its eighth session.
The FCCC guidelines request that, to facilitate transparency, enough detail should be provided about each policy and measure in the text of the national communication to allow a third party to understand:
11. The Advisory Committee is of the view that the current ITC budgetary process and the proposals put forward by the Secretary-General in his report (A/C.5/52/25) do not fully address the need for simplified arrangements, including those called for by the General Council of WTO.
This is reflected in the absence of any special temporary measures to remedy the situation, as well as the lack of Government willingness to consider any such measures.
At 0600 hours the Lahad militia fired two 81-mm shells in the direction of Wadi al-Habib from their position at Tumat Jazzin.
The Committee was informed that these savings result mostly from the fact that neither hazard pay nor the salary costs of the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General was factored into the 1998 estimates.
In cases when, as a transitory and exceptional measure, the Security Council is involved in overseeing and mandating humanitarian and operational assistance, the President of the Council should consult the presidents of the executive boards concerned before the Council acts.
The Committee is particularly concerned at the lack of vocational training opportunities, in particular in rural and remote areas.
Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization [151] (A/52/33, A/52/308, A/52/317)
(a) Revise administrative instruction ST/AI/213/Rev.1 to reflect the new policies and procedures that have been adopted since its issuance;
The Committee resumed its consideration of these sections.
In general, economic and social ills, the situation in which Ukraine finds itself, to a great, if not decisive, extent, are caused by a low level of State efficiency and the State's inability to implement its own decisions effectively and to ensure adherence to established rules of political behaviour, economic activity and so on; we can and must overcome these weaknesses of the State.
eleventh to fourteenth periodic reports of Yugoslavia 126
Trust fund for the enhancement of the capacity of the United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti
472. Members also invited the High Commissioner for Human Rights, as part of her initiative to emphasize the importance of women’s human rights in the context of the Convention, to consider including:
Six information centres provided media relations and logistical support for major seminars held on the question of Palestine.
IV. Authorized staffing and actual deployment of military and civilian personnel for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997 V.
This is not just the responsibility of public officials – all members of society should contribute to that end.
The United Nations system has instituted a harmonization of the programming cycles for the period 1997–2001 in order to further improve programme design and implementation.
To this end, I propose that if the President is released from his duties or dismissed from office, or if he dies before the end of his term, the duties of the President should for the remainder of the term be assumed by the Chairman of the Senate. If the Chairman of the Senate is unable to assume the duties of the President, they will be assumed by the Chairman of the Majlis.
Crude oil stocks have been rising following a warmer than average winter, and the globally weak demand has been compounded by the slowing of demand growth in the countries adversely affected by the East Asian crisis.
An elaboration of the rational for focused papers is given below.
1992 Investment and Export Credit Conference Regional Binding Adopted
With respect to efforts aimed at protecting competition at the level of external trade, he drew attention to Mexico’s important anti-dumping procedures.
Since the number of candidates from among the African States, the Asian States, the Latin American and Caribbean States was equal to or did not exceed the number of seats allocated to each of these regions, with Argentina and Uruguay alternating on an annual basis, Burkina Faso, Colombia, Fiji, Honduras, India, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Kenya, Paraguay, the Sudan, Thailand and Uganda were declared elected members of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law for a six-year term beginning on 1 June 1998.
D. Documents relating to the report of the Economic and Social Council
Fiftieth anniversary of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide
5. Once again urges the Governments concerned to take steps to protect the families of disappeared persons against any intimidation or ill-treatment to which they might be subjected;
Annexes I. Table 1. Aggregate net long-term resource flows to
Administrative arrangements for the International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO
"(b) Biennial estimates of the expenses to be incurred under (a) above shall be submitted to the General Assembly for approval ...
To date, no clear consensus has emerged on the terms of reference for such a forum.
Provision of $40,600 is made for the clothing and equipment allowance for 203 military observers at a rate of $200 per annum.
He found the concept of the study very useful.
The Republic's population has suffered greatly as a result of the natural disasters; more than 1,500 persons are homeless, 47 were killed and 37 hospitalized.
f Percentage over the life of the programme to 30 June 1998. Table 10
This would serve not only their own interests but those of humanity as a whole.
Report of the Trade and Development Board on its thirteenth executive session
The Headquarters complex had only been inspected by the existing lead underwriter.
Later in the year, the Governments of the Netherlands and the United States of America supplemented by a donation from Canada, offered assistance for a joint project to construct a third and expanded court facility, which would accommodate joint trials of up to six accused.
Future recourse to gratis personnel would therefore be covered by the provisions contained in General Assembly resolution 51/243 of 15 September 1997.
Collaboration in the area of trade efficiency was facilitated by the initial location of UNCTAD́s Trade Point Development Centre (UNTPDC) in Bangkok.
international trade and transportation and improved drug trafficking methods
3. As many of you know, we were close to resolution of many points on a forward-looking proposal, based on the Chairman's own original draft, when a new shorter package was introduced which would devolve to the Secretary-General of UNCTAD the responsibility and authority to frame and carry out a trust fund to enhance broadly the participation of experts in the work of UNCTAD.
The Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions orally presented the related report of that Committee.
(a) Survey data show that monetary incentives are a relatively minor factor in the locational decisions of foreign investors relative to other locational advantages, such as market size and growth, production costs, skill levels, political and economic stability and the regulatory framework.
130. Reimbursement of value-added tax and other charges.
Subsequently, Australia, Austria, Canada, Croatia, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Malta and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Welcoming the signature in Washington, D.C., on 13 September 1993 by the Government of the State of Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization, the representative of the people of Palestine, of the Declaration of Principles on Interim Self-Government Arrangements A/48/486–S/26560, annex; see Official Records of the Security Council, Forty-eighth Year, Supplement for October, November and December 1993, document S/26560.
The mandate and strength of UNOSOM were subsequently increased by the Council in resolution 767 (1992) and 775 (1992).
- Return air-tickets = 2 (experts) x $1 000 = $ 2 000
9. It should be noted that, in accordance with the established practice to ensure personal safety, the Secretary-General was accompanied on all trips during the period under review by a personal aide/security officer who travelled by air in first class.
(i) Make recommendations on ways and means to identify and use technology, knowledge, know-how and practices relevant to combating desertification and mitigating the effects of drought.
Educational systems must be flexible to accommodate different learning needs.
12. A provision for $590,200 is indicated under budget item 4, Transport operations.
145. The Committee recommended approval of the proposed revisions to programme 26 of the medium-term plan, subject to the following modifications:
The Committee would begin its consideration of sub-item 112 (a) (Human rights instruments) at 3 p.m. on Friday, 7 November and continue on Monday, 10 November, at 10 a.m.
The full text of paragraphs 26 and 61 is annexed.
Palestinian sources reported that 90 demonstrators had been injured.
2. Non-governmental and community-based organizations
There is a growing perception that interventionist policies have hindered progress in improving the efficiency of transit operations and the quality of services and contributed to the high cost of transportation.
59. Under the overall objective of assisting the understanding by the international community of emerging challenges and persistent problems in global development, the objective proposed is to increase the involvement of developing countries research institutions in global policy analysis, particularly in the examination of emerging issues and critical trends in economic, social and environmental fields.
Report of the sessional working group on the administration of justice and the question of compensation on its 1996 session (E/CN.4/Sub.2/1996/16).
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/52/L.18 and L.53
He also accused Israel of being responsible for the deaths of three Palestinian workers in Tarkumiya, adding that Palestinians were left with only two options: to die or to resist.
Such shares did not, however, carry voting rights.
Agenda item 52 (Armed Israeli aggression against the Iraqi nuclear installations and its grave con- sequences for the established inter- national system concerning the peaceful of nuclear energy, the non-proliferation of nuclear wea- pons and international peace and security)
Today, it is Eritrea; whose turn will it be tomorrow since only the Ethiopia-Kenyan border is demarcated?
Freight paid for supplies to the warehouse is considered part of the cost of supplies.
It was announced that Brazil had joined the list of co-sponsors of draft resolution A/C.6/52.L.9.
Nor has there been much of a shift in terms of the recipients.
The Committee urges the Government to take stronger measures to address the contradiction that currently exists between the Government's stated commitment to the principles contained in the Convention and the actual situation facing women in Indonesia.
To give but one example, on 6 June, the Eritrean Government paraded an Ethiopian prisoner of war in the streets of Asmara, while encouraging the crowd to throw stones at him.
Chairman: Mr. José Alberto de Sousa (Portugal)
National seminars on demand reduction for policy makers and experts in the field, together with participants from non-governmental organizations, will have been undertaken to increase awareness, to identify needs for human resources development and to elaborate action-oriented programmes.
II. Seventh session of the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
28. Recent experience shows that reducing the balance of payments constraint is a necessary but not always sufficient condition for promoting capital accumulation and exports.
(g) Relationship between disarmament and development;
In this connection, the permanent missions have already been contacted for their e-mail addresses, and those that have not yet responded are respectfully encouraged to do so.
Ms. Irma Ertman, Deputy Director General, Ministry for Foreign Affairs
Programme budget for the biennium 1998–1999
The work programme for 1998–1999 also includes a study on the role of microfinancing on the sustainable development of small and medium-sized enterprises.
IAEA therefore recommends that the General Assembly maintain the present functions and role of the Committee, including the present reporting arrangements.
1. Since the issuance of document A/53/262 of 13 August 1998, information has been received from the Government of Austria.
It had before it a note prepared by the secretariat (FCCC/SBI/1997/4).
Compensatory measures for pupils included remedial classes, voluntary extra class periods, audio-visual programmes, curriculum enrichment materials and self-learning kits.
Other delegations supported the suggestion, however, and proposed that interested delegations might undertake the drafting of such a questionnaire.
The intention was to undertake an open discussion with delegates and interact on a less formal basis with them.
Those data showed that the majority of employers required its staff, or staff in certain positions, to have knowledge of and work in an additional language. No premium was paid, however, by any of the employers.
The team included experts from Fiji, Romania, and the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).
21. It therefore appears essential to make plans in good time for educating the public and for ascertaining the obligations of States in international law with regard to the effects of radiation resulting from the use of energy produced by nuclear fission.
It authorized its Rapporteur, in consultation with the Chairman and with the assistance of the secretariat, to finalize the report as appropriate.
Despite an increase in population from 2.9 billion people in 1970 to 5.8 billion in 1996, per capita income growth in developing countries has averaged 1.3 per cent a year, according to the World Bank’s 1998 World Development Indicators.
7. The methodology recommended by the Committee of Actuaries and endorsed by the Board involves:
21. A full understanding of the relationship between somatic pathology and radiation exposure in the region must be promoted and supported.
Efforts towards these ends must be anchored in good governance, participation and democratization, as a basis for long-term stability.
The Agency is concerned about the lack of resources available to the Department of Finance.
It had before it three documents presented by the secretariat (FCCC/SBI/1997/8, FCCC/SBI/1997/MISC. 3 and Add.1).
It is recalled that the Committee recommended in paragraph 18 of its report on the support account (A/51/906) that the operation of the Centre be evaluated “with a view to determining its cost-effectiveness”.
For nationally executed programmes/projects, a maximum of 5 per cent is charged for programme support.
(on macroeconomic policy questions: items 95(a)
This would include coordinating the training programmes for military and civilian police personnel of African countries and mobilizing assistance, in particular logistical and financial support, to African peacekeeping capacity and to related activities of OAU.
“31. Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-fifth session on measures taken to implement the present resolution, on obstacles to its implementation and on measures taken or planned to ensure financing and adequate staff and information resources for the effective operation of the human rights treaty bodies;
WAFUNIF World Association of Former United Nations Interns and Fellows XXVII
Observations and recommendations in those reports in many cases mirrored those made separately by the Board of Auditors during the same period.
I would be grateful if you would arrange to have the text of the present letter distributed as a document of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly, under agenda items 36, 37 and 87, and of the Security Council.
Moreover, prospects of increased competition for particular production sectors will oblige developing countries to strengthen their policies in support of supply capability building.
(b) Recommended to the General Conference the approval on the basis of an exchange rate of US$ 1 = AS 12.90 of appropriations in the amount of $145,898,600 for the regular budget of the Organization in 1998-1999, as reflected in the following table:
Between 1640 and 1715 hours Israeli forces and the Lahad militia fired a number of 155-mm and 120-mm artillery shells in the direction of Jabal Sujud and Jabal Safi from their positions in Sharifah and Rayhan.
Benchmarks for implementation indicators, such as average performance in terms of indicator value in a region or subregion, could be established.
(b) Research activities were rationalized.
As indicated in section B of the present annex, provision of $11,300 is made for the shipping of softwall storage facilities available from stock.
It was noted that such a policy framework should be determined in close coordination between the government and the private sector.
(d) Some agenda items could be included only to be taken note of, on the basis of information documents;
9. At the 41st meeting, on 25 November, the Vice-Chairman of the Committee, Odyek Agona (Uganda), informed the Committee of the outcome of the informal consultations held on the draft resolution.
6. At the 59th meeting, on 27 March, the representative of Australia, on behalf of the Chairman, introduced a draft resolution entitled "Procurement reform and outsourcing" (A/C.5/52/L.31), submitted on the basis of informal consultations.
26. When necessary, in order to obtain the expertise required and where the market rates for highly specialized and technical services exceed the remuneration levels referred to above, a supplementary amount may be authorized by the Office of Human Resources Management for consultancies.
127. Notwithstanding the implementation of several temporary special measures in the political field and appointments to decision-making posts, the Committee is concerned whether such measures have become acceptable.
II. Status of adherence to the 1988 Convention 3-7 3
249. The representative noted that a Women’s Commissioner on the Human Rights Commission had been designated for the first time in New Zealand.
(c) AH97/93/1/003: The Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts should undertake, if necessary with the assistance of outside firms specializing in this task, regular reviews of claims submitted under the Aetna, Blue Cross, Van Breda and Cigna plans, (I) to verify the accuracy and reasonableness of the expenditure reports submitted and the administrative fees charged by the plan administrators in this regard, and (ii) to assess the efficiency and effectiveness with which claims and reserves have been administered under the contracts with those administrators;
Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights on the question of extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions (draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.41)
Rapporteur: Mr. Motaz M. Zahran (Egypt)
98. Effective 1 January 1998, the requirements of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions previously met under the support account are being met from the regular budget, as decided by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/220.
9. No attack on a humanitarian zone would be allowed to go unpunished.
The message of the campaign could be based on the outcomes of the Second Assessment Report, and further reports of the IPCC and could focus on individual consumption patterns.
Others noted that positive measures in the context of specific MEAs should be considered by the respective Conferences of Parties (CoPs).
Concerning assistance to the Palestinian people, the Secretary-General of UNCTAD had given assurances that work on that issue would continue, and the proposed programme budget provided no evidence to the contrary.
23. He suggested that the Commission could focus its future work on the following topics: the need to ensure a clear, stable and predictable economic and financial environment, which would favour foreign direct investment and the growth of international trade; the recognition of the importance of developing-country integration into the global economy, including international trade; the need for all countries to comply with the obligations undertaken in the Uruguay Round; the avoidance of the setting-up of new trade-restrictive measures by developed countries; the importance of reconfirming the need for special and differential treatment for developing countries; improved market access conditions for goods and services of export interest to developing countries; the establishment of measures which would help developing countries to increase their supply capability, their competitiveness, and their access to foreign financing; support to developing countries in the development of appropriate national policies to promote and attract foreign investments and assistance to enable them to better understand and benefit from the results of the Uruguay Round; and finally, increasing technical assistance activities in the area of commodities, including risk management, and contributing to the establishment of a fair international environment for commodities-exporting countries, which would guarantee equitable prices for both producers and consumers, increase productivity and encourage diversification.
In consultation with TSB, undertakes technical assessments of drug abuse and trafficking problems in selected countries in the Africa region in relation to economic, social and political developments; analyses trends in drug trafficking and abuse; identifies vulnerable groups, sets forth needs and priorities for assistance. 30. Secretary GS
Another option is that one body may take overall responsibility in considering an issue, requesting adequate and specific inputs from the other body.
On United Nations Working Group drafting an International Convention on the rights of migrant workers.
Most shops and businesses were also closed.
The Government's view is that such a measure is still justified and thus retain its derogations to article 5 of the European Convention on Human Rights and article 9 of the International Covenant on Civil and political Rights.
India has been a member of the ASEAN Regional Forum since 1996, participates actively in its work, and believes that it plays a useful role in discussing issues of security in the Asia-Pacific region in a non-contentious and constructive manner.
* Previously issued as A/AC.247/1998/CRP.18. 4. In tandem with the premium that new permanent members will enjoy as incumbents, this low level of support required will virtually ensure the automatic extension of new permanent members, rendering a periodic review meaningless.
The Corner, which will stay in place during 1998, displays books, posters, cartoons, videos and messages on human rights issues by the Secretary-General and the High Commissioner.
(b) Supplies, services and operating costs
UNIFEM is also collaborating with UNU/INTECH on writing a policy paper on gender issues for the International Telecommunication Union for its 1998 World Telecommunications and Development Conference.
I should be grateful if you would have the text of the present letter circulated as a document of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly under agenda item 37.
These rules of procedure shall apply to any session of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention convened in accordance with Article 7 of the Convention.
16. No provision is required under this heading.
Increase (decrease) in accounts payable
The traditional lifestyles and livelihoods of Hill Tribes in the north-eastern provinces have been disrupted owing to the unabated illegal logging that is taking place.
Non-governmental organizations are often invited to participate on relevant issues.
22. The representative of UNDP informed the chairpersons of the ongoing cooperation with the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, in drafting a human rights programme, “Human rights strengthening – HURIST”, with the aim of supporting the implementation of UNDP policy on human rights as presented in its policy document entitled “Integrating human rights with sustainable human development”.
It is a work in progress, and in its history we have seen setbacks as well as ground-breaking innovations.
36. The obligations of all States parties to a nuclear-weapon-free zone should be clearly defined and legally binding and States parties should fully comply with those agreements.
All Parties provided “with measures” projections for CO2 emissions.
25. Welcomes the contribution to the work of the human rights treaty bodies made by the specialized agencies and other United Nations bodies, and invites the specialized agencies, other United Nations bodies and the treaty bodies to continue to pursue further cooperation between them;
The Tribunal still does not have the necessary technical resources and staff, despite its heavy workload.
The unutilized balance of $32,900 was realized from the actual number of force orderly personnel (seven) being slightly lower than the budgeted number (eight).
(d) Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action: report of the Third Committee (Part V) (A/52/644/Add.4)
(b) Voluntary Fund for Indigenous Populations.
Budget allocations for the implementation of economic, social and cultural rights should be ensured to the maximum extent of available resources and in the light of the best interests of the child.
Headquarters military personnel accommodation
2. The position of the Government of Peru on this matter is based on the joint measures adopted by the Permanent Mechanism for Consultation and Concerted Political Action (Rio Group); on the Ibero-American Summits; on the Declaration on Respect for the Personality, Sovereignty and Independence of States adopted by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States on 2 June 1997; and on resolution CJI/RES/II-14/96, adopted unanimously by the Inter-American Juridical Committee, issued pursuant to resolution AG/RES.1364 (XXVI-0/96) of the General Assembly of the Organization of American States.
IV. Authorized staffing, incumbency and vacancy rates for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997
WesternEurope : European Union countries, Iceland, Norway and Switzerland.
(g) The Charter of Economic Rights and Duties of States (General Assembly resolution 3281 (XXIX));
As methodologies develop, both nationally and internationally, the collection of data improves (emission factors, activity data and methods) and new emission sources are included.
The Caspian must be a sea where agreement prevails and its resources must be the property of all the littoral States, each of which has a right to an equal share of its resources.
(d) Separation of duties: no one staff member should control all key aspects of an event or transaction.
Programme budget for the biennium 1996-1997 [115]
Preparations for the Tenth United Nations Congress on the Prevention of Crime and the Treatment of Offenders
(c) “Regularize” its situation by replacing its impermissible reservation with a permissible reservation;
The session will resume on Monday, 26 January 1998, at 3 p.m. for a joint meeting with the Executive Board of UNICEF.
Schedule 1. Administrative expenses . 94
At 0130 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the Nabatiyah area at high altitude.
Table 2.3 Global Mechanism Operating Costs
As an important function of GAW, the data obtained are archived at the WMO World Data Centre for Greenhouse Gases (WDCGG) established in Tokyo, Japan in 1990.
Decreased appropriation for the biennium 1996-1997 (resolution 52/213 A)
1. The United Nations Institute for Disarmament Research (UNIDIR) is an autonomous research institute within the framework of the United Nations.
Tariff barriers have been considerable, particularly in the pre-Uruguay Round setting.
As a result, the ability to identify a large number of pathogens and toxins at once in a single, rapid assay would be immensely helpful.
The project had been exploring the impact of information-intensive production modes on the quality and quantity of women’s employment.
143. Prison conditions in Cambodia continue to be very poor and the problem of the delayed and insufficient provision from the State budget of funds for food and necessities for prisons remains.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (g) of agenda item 17.
230. The Committee emphasized that the realignment of the Centre for International Crime Prevention with the United Nations International Drug Control Programme should result in better coordination between these entities and should produce important synergies, while safeguarding the multidisciplinary aspects of drug control policy.
The General Conference elected the following Vice-Presidents of the Conference at its seventh session: Mr. A. MENASRA (Algeria), Mr. J. KOHOUT (Czech Republic), Mr. J. ABU (Ghana), Mr. S. HOBEICA (Lebanon), Mr. A. NICULESCU (Romania), Mr. C. POOLOKASINGHAM (Sri Lanka), Mr. U. BREITER (Switzerland), Mr. J. HERRERA ONETO Y VIANA (Uruguay) and Mr. D. BOERSNER (Venezuela).
5. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.5/53/L.6 without a vote (see para. 6).
10. Apart from the August 1997 measures, UNRWA’s financial difficulties continued to have a negative effect on the quality and level of services provided to beneficiaries.
(b) Provision of food, including transportation and distribution 2 444 400
For the majority of these cases the reported differences fall within 1 to 3 per cent, demonstrating the usefulness of this approach for verification purposes.
Besides the major communications companies, Alcatel Espace is a strategic partner of the Globalstar system, a new world system for mobile telephony to be put into service in 1999.
The current trend towards huge companies dominating production of software in some sectors is being mirrored in the rise of the large multinational information system support houses.
Rapporteur: Mr. Tammam Sulaiman (Syrian Arab Republic)
63. The Advisory Committee has been informed that the Office of Internal Oversight Services has completed an investigation on provision of aircraft services and that a report on that subject will be submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 51/231 of 13 June 1997.
14. In this connection, the General Committee also recommends to the General Assembly that delegations should be reminded of the utmost importance of punctuality in the interest of ensuring an effective and orderly organization of work and achieving economies for the United Nations.
The Bureau, therefore, during the fifty-second session of the General Assembly, prepared document A/AC.247/1998/CRP.4, which took into account earlier discussions.
On the night of 26 to 27 April 1998, 22 civilians, including 7 men, 7 women and 8 children (ages 3-10) belonging to two Kashmiri families, were massacred in cold blood at Seri, Village Bandala (District Bhimber) in Azad Kashmir.
9. Urges States, educational institutions and the United Nations system to provide gender-sensitive training for school administrators, parents and all members of the school community;
39. This has important consequences for trade and development. In particular, it offers unprecedented possibilities to revisit the concept of an international division of labour based on the theory of comparative advantages.
12. In keeping with the Department’s role in developing and implementing the information and communications programmes of the Organization, I should like to stress the need to continue the close working relations that exist between the Department of Public Information and other substantive departments of the Secretariat.
It reviews best practices used to measure and communicate environmental performance (i.e., EPIs) and how such environmental data are increasingly being used by the financial community to make investment decisions.
The Committee requests that more planning be introduced into those aspects of travel.
25. The recent celebrated trials of the Mayor of Tehran, Gholam Hossein Karbaschi, and his colleagues touched off an intense public debate about the conduct of trials and, particularly, the appropriate role of judges.
21. Nine hundred and forty-eight contracts with a value of US$ 932 million were completed between January 1992 and end December 1997.
Studies commenced at the farmer/trader/community level and the fifth annual opium poppy survey of Afghanistan was undertaken (its main results are outlined below).
The second was the International Conference on Mediation and Conflict Resolution, organized by the Initiative on Conflict Resolution and Ethnicity and held in November in Northern Ireland, United Kingdom.
The planned and actual deployment of local staff are shown in annex III.
The consumer cooperatives are governed by the law of 1959.
Details of the massacre of 22 persons in Jammu and Kashmir
(i) After the words “financial resources” the words “and with any other assistance provided by Member States in a position to do so,” were inserted; (ii) At the end of the paragraph, the words “and of establishing, within the United Nations system, a single database of such authorized manufacturers and dealers” were deleted.
There will be a standing item on internally displaced persons on the agenda of all working group meetings.
The host country had a “quasi-virtual veto” in the Committee.
At 1830 hours the client militia fired three 81-mm mortar shells and directed several bursts of medium-weapons fire at Wadi Bisri from its positions on Anan and Rum hills.
Programmes to provide social and housing support are reported in several countries; they often feature cooperation between non-governmental organizations and the Government in meeting the needs of this rapidly growing population.
The officials stated that the man was serving a nine-year sentence handed down by a Palestinian court for his involvement in the murder of collaborators and the abduction of two border policemen in 1996.
Incorporation into electronic format for Internet dissemination of the following documents:
Some have criticized ISO 14001 for this.
(b) Participation of the MONUA aviation specialist in a training course organized by the International Civil Aviation Organization.
In conjunction with the observance of Human Rights Day and the launch of the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, a two-day International Journalists Roundtable on Human Rights will take place on 8 and 9 December 1997 in Conference Room 6.
3. The Committee urged all countries to comply with Security Council resolution 478 (1980) calling on them to refrain from moving their diplomatic missions to the City of Al-Quds and to avoid dealing with the Israeli occupation authorities in any manner that may be construed in any way, as a tacit admission of the fait accompli imposed by Israel which considered the City of Al-Quds as its capital.
47. We are at a critical moment in the history of efforts to reduce the danger posed by nuclear weapons.
The revision process has commenced and will be completed by the end of 1998.
I have the honour to enclose the text of the proposal by the Russian Federation on the demilitarization of the Republic of Cyprus and the maintenance of the security of its inhabitants.
6. On 8 January, in a speech made in Jerusalem before Jewish parliamentarians from all over the world, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stated that Israel refused to revert to the pre-June 1967 armistice lines on the grounds that it could not “go back to being a country that was 10 or 12 kilometres wide”.
During the months of August and September 1997, at least 16 East Timorese were shot by the Fretilin.
Finally, the European Institute for Crime Prevention and Control, affiliated with the United Nations (HEUNI), is publishing the European and North American Analysis of the Results of the Fifth United Nations Survey of Crime Trends and Operations of Criminal Justice Systems (1990-1994).
More specific needs include training in human rights for judges, prosecutors and prison personnel; training and fellowships for members of the Human Rights Committee of the Palestinian Legislative Council; training for the police in juvenile justice; strengthening the legal drafting capacity of the Ministry of Justice; support for women’s rights and enactment of relevant legislation; formulation of a national plan of action for human rights; and completion of the police training programme in the West Bank.
8. Stresses the importance of the provisions governing the status and the basic rights and duties of staff members, requests the Secretary-General to issue to every staff member in separate form the text of Articles 97, 98, 100, 101 and 105 of the Charter of the United Nations and relevant extracts from the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations, adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution 22 (I) of 13 February 1946, as well as the text of new article I of the Staff Regulations and chapter I of the 100 series of the Staff Rules, together with the explanatory commentary, the text of the present resolution and the 1954 report of the International Civil Service Advisory Board entitled Standards of Conduct in the International Civil Service;
The methods used by the Department to provide this coverage included production of press releases, publications, television news packages and radio programmes, and organizing press briefings and briefings for the public;
300. On 22 December, it was reported that the implementation of a ruling by a military judge that an administrative detainee undergo a medical test was still pending one month after being issued.
23. The Board shared the concern expressed by the General Assembly, the organizations of United Nations common system and staff representatives about the persistent imbalance between the margin levels for different levels in the Professional category.
It shall appoint the financial controller of the Agency.
Furthermore, the type of debt that required restructuring was different: in the case of Mexico, debt took the form of short-term government bonds, while in the three most affected Asian countries, it was short-term debt contracted by the private sector from foreign banks.
Sometimes these factors are purely political or military and can be corrected by political and military measures (for example, the negotiated settlement of a frontier dispute, accompanied by separation of forces).
The Commission also noted that on average, staff members were reimbursed $6,630 per claim.
- Arrange for the early reunion of divided Eritrean families and to evacuate them by the safest means of transport possible, including airlifts;
They have no ideology; they sided with the Interahamwe against the invaders but when Kabila appointed Banande and Banianga in representative posts, they chose him over Mobutu.
In the implementation of the subprogramme, greater recognition will be given to the growing competencies of the countries themselves in contributing to capability-building activities;
72. UNV continued to promote highly qualified women volunteers.
MEASURES TO ELIMINATE INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM
Statements were made by the representatives of Brazil, Albania, Lebanon, Cameroon, Sri Lanka and Singapore.
These activities testify to an increasing range of work by the United Nations in the field, as its entities devote greater attention to the process of democratization and the promotion of good governance.
39. Demands that the Government of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro) take immediate steps to allow for and to create conditions for the return of internally displaced persons and refugees in safety and dignity;
Trust Fund for the Fiftieth Anniversary of the United Nations
14. Taking into account what has been stated in the paragraphs above, the Advisory Committee intends to resume consideration of the requirements for the support account for 1998-1999 in September 1998 after receipt of reliable data and analysis.
1. Building a peaceful and better world through sport and the Olympic ideal: draft resolution (A/ 52/L.23/Rev.1) [24].
Four alternates should be selected as first, second, third and fourth preferences in the event that any of the four first preferences will not be available.
67. The Human Rights Study Series reproduces studies and reports on important human rights issues, prepared by experts of the Commission on Human Rights and the Subcommission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities.
English Page Recalling its resolutions 46/198 A of 20 December 1991 and 46/198 B of 14 February 1992 on the financing of the United Nations Advance Mission in Cambodia, 46/222 A of 14 February 1992, 47/209 A of 22 December 1992, 47/209 B of 14 September 1993 and 48/255 of 26 May 1994 on the financing of the Transitional Authority, and 46/222 B of 22 May 1992 on the financing of the Advance Mission and the Transitional Authority,
Informal Consultations on draft proposals under item 20 and all its sub-items conducted by H.E. Dr. Ernst Sucharipa (Austria) Committees
In Brazil, UNDCP began working with well-known corporate sponsors on the organization of large-scale social mobilization campaigns to support drug abuse prevention and healthy lifestyles.
He has been working to build strong partnerships with several regional and subregional organizations, including the Association of South-East Asian Nations, the Council of Europe, the European Union, the League of Arab States, OAU, the Organization of American States (OAS), the Organization of the Islamic Conference, and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE).
These might include restrictions on deportation where victims are prepared to act as witnesses, and witness protection measures.
Within this context, they noted with satisfaction the agreement reached by the coastal States in the Black Sea on the guidelines for negotiating a regional process of confidence- and security-building measures in the naval field and called for the early completions of these negotiations with a view to starting the implementation phase.
Migrants seeking work should not present themselves as asylum seekers.
9. In the light of the close relationship between this section and section (f), the relevant information is contained under section (f) below.
Sub—Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities
(a) List of Palestinians killed by troops or Israeli civilians
In turn, taking into account the concerns of States most likely to be seriously affected by such measures prior to their adoption would be an essential factor in ensuring the effectiveness of sanctions and minimizing collateral damage.
A UNHCR mission had visited Laayoune from 26 August to 4 September 1998 to continue discussions with the Special Representative on a number of issues for coordination purposes.
* Following the meeting of the Working Group on Procedural Matters.
They include major declarations to the effect that only the inclusion of additional members in the Security Council would be acceptable.
A similar development corridor is to be launched for Beira in the first quarter of 1998.
These liaison offices are required in view of the interrelated nature of the situations in the various areas of the former Yugoslavia and because of the importance of the policies of the Governments of Croatia and the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia regarding events within the region.
From information provided in the State party's report, the Committee notes that in certain instances statistics on the situation of children are being collected only for children up to the age of 15.
20. As in previous years, IPU also contributed to the work of the Commission on the Status of Women, as well as to the work on gender issues of the Commission on Human Rights and the Economic and Social Council.
The Committee welcomes this approach and notes that for all missions, the experience in the use of charter services, rather than individual entitlements, should be the basis for budgeting.
In addition, provision is made for the rental of residential premises in the regional and provincial areas at an average total cost of $45,000 per month ($540,000).
This approach not only saves the cost of new procurement, it also results in significant time savings versus the conventional United Nations procurement cycle.
Reaffirming the obligation of all States to promote and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms as stated in the Charter of the United Nations, also reaffirming the obligations contained in later human rights instruments, in particular article 5 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women Resolution 34/180, annex. and article 24 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, Resolution 44/25, annex. and mindful of article 2, subparagraph (a), of the Declaration on the Elimination of Violence against Women, Resolution 48/104.
2.2 KNOWLEDGE OF UNDP REGARDING DESERTIFICATION & DROUGHT AND OTHER RELEVANT EXPERIENCES
The General Assembly, in paragraph 23 of section B of its resolution 52/214 of 22 December 1997, requested the Committee on Conferences to review the late issuance of documents and to suggest remedial action for consideration by the Assembly at its fifty-third session.
The Committee continued its general discussion of Part VIII of this agenda item and heard statements by the representatives of Belgium (on behalf of the European Union and also on behalf of Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia and Norway), Japan, Kenya, the United States, Pakistan, Mali, the Republic of Korea, Egypt, China, Thailand, the Syrian Arab Republic and Portugal.
116. At its 13th meeting, on 11 June 1998, the Committee considered the proposed revisions to the medium-term plan for the period 1998–2001.
Direct reference to the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) is limited to recommendation 4, to the effect that UNDCP should continue and increase its assistance to help countries adopt up-to-date and harmonized legislation, and should also assist States in training law enforcement agents.
The geographic location of the Republic of China makes it a focal point of the Asia-Pacific region, so its sense of security and its commitment to cooperation and peace are critical to the stability of the region as a whole.
Air bags or seat-belts installed in vehicles or in completed vehicle components such as steering columns, door panels, seats etc. are not subject to these Recommendations.
The following figures compiled by OIOS indicated that, since 1995, the extent of non-local hiring of retirees for conference services Secretariat-wide had decreased from year to year in relation to the total retired language staff employed.
A. Global rates of interception of heroin and cocaine at a time of expansion of international trade and transportation and improved drug trafficking methods 73-86 22 B. Law enforcement methods to improve rates of interception 87-100 27
(b) An indicator reflecting level of greenhouse gas emissions, defined as the share of CO2 equivalent emissions per capita;
MEETINGS OTHER THAN MEETINGS OF UNITED NATIONS BODIES
The first plenary meeting will next start consideration of item 3 (a), under which the Chairmen of the subsidiary bodies will introduce their reports including the decisions recommended by the subsidiary bodies.
If they realize that they have no grounds to revoke an Arab Jerusalemites residence permit, Israeli authorities encourage them to take Israeli citizenship.
(ff) Urges States, particularly countries of origin of refugees, resolutely to cooperate at the bilateral, regional and universal levels to address the underlying causes of refugee flows, both in a preventive and curative manner, and to facilitate just and lasting solutions;
Recalling article 22, paragraph 4 of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification,
I hardly need to remind you that, independently of my proposal, Mr. Kofi Annan has stated the importance that he attaches to this question in the context of his plans for the reform and revitalization of the United Nations.
Thursday, 20 November 1997 from 2.30 p.m. to 3.30 p.m.: Mr. Yasushi Akashi, Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs, on “Humanitarian crises and development”.
It conducts a full range of activities, including those of manual clearance, explosive ordnance disposal survey, limited database management and mine-awareness activities.
The Assembly decided, on the proposal by the President, to postpone the balloting for the seat from among the Latin American and Caribbean States to a later date to be announced.
70. Research on ceramic matrix composites (CMCs), metal/intermetallic matrix composites (MMCs) and polymer matrix composites (PMCs) is being actively pursued.
Globus, Feral Tribune and Nacional, three independent weeklies, have been especially heavily targeted.
The secretariat can be reached at the following address:
* Immediately following the adjournment of the 17th meeting of the Second Committee. No. 1997/206
19. The outlook for 1998 is that Mozambique will continue the trend towards strengthening economic performance.
Personnel should periodically be reminded of their obligations under an operative code of conduct that comes from top management.
Therefore, Actions 21 and 22 should not be implemented by the Secretary-General until the General Assembly has considered and acted on the above report;
(a) Report of the Secretary-General (A/52/313)
The Agency was planning to join forces with other health-care providers in the West Bank and Gaza Strip as implementation proceeded on the public health component of a brucellosis surveillance and control programme developed in 1997 by the Palestinian Authority, in cooperation with WHO and UNDP.
Failure to reach agreement on these will lead to implementation of resolution 425 (1978) being frozen.
Traditionally, UNDCP addressed the elimination of illicit crops through projects that offered alternative sources of income to replace opium.
3. Programme budget for the biennium 1996-1997: Second Performance Report
1. Enhancing the capacity to jointly assess the human rights situation in the world by closer coordination and otherwise ensure that all pertinent means for action are available within the framework of the Union, including through the possible publication of an annual European Union human rights report;
Such mechanisms can play a vital role in systematically monitoring the status of children and evaluating the progress achieved and the difficulties hampering the realization of children's rights.
(d) International migration and development, including the convening of a United Nations conference on inter-national migration and development: report of the Second Committee (Part V) (A/52/628/Add.4)
59. In the period under review, the Istanbul Court of Appeal upheld the conviction of an Iranian national, one Reza Barzegar Massoumi, for complicity in the murder in Istanbul in 1996 of Zahra Rajabi and Ali Moradi, both associated with the National Council of Resistance (NCR).
The COP may wish to confirm this schedule and ask the Bureau of the COP to keep the dates under review, bearing in mind that commercial facilities are to be contracted.
At the same time, by providing links to the sites and databases of other organizations of the United Nations system, the Web site is becoming a centralized point of reference for information on oceans and the law of the sea.
The evidence adduced by the investigation proved that, over a period of more than 10 years, the staff member stole nearly $600,000 from the United Nations by submitting false documents for daily subsistence allowance payments to fictitious “experts” attending non-existent United Nations conferences.
6.17 The estimated requirements of $16,000 relate to attendance by staff at meetings and conferences of United Nations organs and other bodies held away from Headquarters and meetings of regional bodies with which the International Law Commission has established formal links. The meetings and conferences at locations other than Headquarters are mandated by the General Assembly in its resolution on the statute of the Commission (resolution 174 (II) of 21 November 1947).
37. Beyond the role of individual firms, globalization has re-emphasized and modified the role of the global marketing chains that have characterized the commodity economy for many decades.
Between 1735 and 2350 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several shells directly at outlying areas of Yatar and the Mu`aytah woodland from their positions at Jabal Balat and on Tahrah and Rum hills.
Such was reportedly the case for more than 15 representatives elected from various constituencies.
Education and information on sexual and reproductive health is also being made available to personnel and convicts in the National Prison System, through the creation of a network of sexual and reproductive health promoters.
On 31 December 1997, 20 members of the military forces of the coup d’état Government in Sierra Leone, with the full backing and support of the Defence Ministry authorities of Sierra Leone, went to the Embassy of the Islamic Republic of Iran in Freetown and asked the only locally recruited member of the mission and a guard, who was also present, for the keys to the embassy premises and diplomatic vehicles, all the while threatening the two with death.
The representative of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia made a statement.
Situation of human rights in Afghanistan
VII. Cost estimates for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999
At its 13th plenary meeting on 10 October, the Conference, having considered further the rules of procedure, resolved some of the outstanding matters and took a further decision on the rules: see Part Two, decision 1/COP.1.
A major focus of the research is to assess the potential of telework for ecologically sound urban planning.
“2. Recognizes that the Commission on Sustainable Development, within its mandate as specified in General Assembly resolution 47/191, will continue to provide the central forum for reviewing progress and urging further implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and other commitments made at the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, for conducting a high-level policy debate aimed at consensus-building on sustainable development, and for catalyzing action and long-term commitment on sustainable development at all levels;
The custody agreement between the Fund and its custodians requires the custodians to maintain insurance coverage at all times on assets in their custody or under their control against losses arising out of employee dishonesty, on-premises and in-transit loss of assets, and forgery or alteration, including forgery of securities and counterfeit currency.
25. Concluding observations: Lao People's Democratic Republic
279. On 20 February, a 30-year-old Arab who was arrested on 26 January at the Katsina junction on suspicion of carrying explosives with the intent of carrying out an attack in Jerusalem was released on personal bail.
(c) Decides to convene three meetings of the Standing Committee in 1999, to be held in February, June and prior to the fiftieth plenary session of the Executive Committee;
27. Also decides to revise the level of appropriation to the Special Account for the International Criminal Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Genocide and Other Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of Rwanda and Rwandan Citizens Responsible for Genocide and Other Such Violations Committed in the Territory of Neighbouring States between 1 January and 31 December 1994 to 52,297,900 dollars gross (48,043,400 dollars net) for the period from 1 January to 31 December 1998;
- Lastly, the third type of links are structural links which involve complete mergers of enterprises or the absorption of enterprises by other enterprises.
In addition, article 8 of the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs of 1961,United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 520, No. 7515. article 17 of the Convention on Psychotropic Substances of 1971Ibid., vol. 1019, No. 14956. and article 21 of the Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances of 1988Official Records of the United Nations Conference for the Adoption of a Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances, Vienna, 25 November-20 December 1988, vol.
In the agricultural sector, product coverage remains far from comprehensive under many schemes.
Epidemiological studies of cancer risks associated with both external and internal exposure to ionizing radiation were the subject of an extensive review in the Committee’s 1994 report.
The same Law further provides for the detention to continue for a period not exceeding one year at a time up to a total of five years.
The responsibilities of the Division are as follows.
# It was decided by the Council that consideration of procedure provided for in its resolution 1503 (XLVIII) shall be made in private meetings.
In its decision 1991/110, the Sub—Commission asked two of its members, Mr. El Hadji Guissé and Mr. Louis Joinet, to draft a working paper on the guidelines that a study on impunity might follow.
43. There is a minimum that the Court requires in order to make its full contribution to conflict prevention and dispute settlement, one of the major tasks of our times.
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/169 M), A/53/424.
In this connection, the possible introduction of the concept of a sliding gradient was suggested.
31. Requests the Secretary-General to submit the reports requested in paragraphs 9 and 15 of its resolution 52/214 A before 31 March 1999, and decides, without prejudice to the provisions of paragraph 8 (a) of its resolution 50/206 C of 23 December 1995, that an oral report cannot substitute for a report requested by the General Assembly;
Iraq also asserted that the data provided was incomplete.
In many African countries the principle of free primary and even secondary education had in the past enabled many poor people to receive at least basic teaching.
The annual reports questionnaire and Form D (providing annual information on substances frequently used in the illicit manufacture of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances) should be used and made more specific for such purposes (see paragraphs 18, 30 and 31 above).
147. Direct assistance to victims is also a fundamental element of the field operations of ICRC.
United States sources also estimate that 84 tonnes of cocaine transit Puerto Rico en route to mainland United States markets each year.
In this connection, the Secretary-General wishes to draw the attention of Member States to the report of the Conference on Disarmament (A/53/27) on its 1998 session, which contains proposals made regarding the points raised in the resolution.
Carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions in 1995 increased in the majority of reporting Parties compared to 1990, the range of increase being from 2 to 10 per cent.
Thus the need for vigorous attention to developing the regulatory and institutional framework governing the economy and the mobilization of financial resources.
Algeria, Andorra, Angola, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Barbados, Belarus, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Bulgaria, Burundi, Canada, Central African Republic, Chad, Chile, China, Colombia, Costa Rica, Côte d’Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Denmark, Djibouti, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Fiji, Finland, Georgia, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Guinea, Guyana, Haiti, Hungary, Indonesia, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Ireland, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, Lesotho, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malawi, Malaysia, Maldives, Mali, Malta, Mauritania, Mexico, Mongolia, Morocco, Mozambique, Namibia, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Niger, Nigeria, Norway, Oman, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Republic of Korea, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Russian Federation, San Marino, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, Solomon Islands, South Africa, Spain, Sudan, Suriname, Swaziland, Sweden, Thailand, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Togo, Tunisia, Turkey, Turkmenistan, Uganda, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, United Republic of Tanzania, Uruguay, Venezuela, Yemen, Zambia, Zimbabwe.
Improving the working methods and procedures of the Committee for Programme and Coordination within the framework of its mandate
For welded shells and jackets only materials whose weldability has been fully demonstrated shall be used.
15. Details and percentages in tables do not necessarily add to totals, because of rounding.
This may possibly be because large firms in these concentrated industries had exploited their dominant positions to raise entry barriers.
Statements were made by the Sudan, Yemen, Indonesia, the Islamic Republic of Iran and Greece.
For further information, contact the Audio-Visual Promotion and Distribution Unit (room S-0805A, ext. 36982).
(i) 50 kilograms, or 0.31 cubic metres, by the most economical means, per person in respect of each journey, except as provided in subparagraph (ii) below. At the request of the individual, this entitlement may be converted to 10 additional kilograms of accompanied excess baggage per person;
Between 0410 and 0435 hours Israeli forces fired 81-mm mortar shells at areas around the abandoned Army barracks in Nabatiyah from their position at Dabshah hill.
At 0830 hours elements belonging to the client militia at the Hamra-Mansuri crossing fired several rounds of light-weapons fire into the air while the French delegation to the Monitoring Group established by the ceasefire understanding of 26 April 1996 was crossing to Naqurah.
16. During the past year, cooperation between the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and OSCE, particularly in the field, further accelerated.
(d) Assistance to the Palestinian people: report of the Secretary-General (A/52/159)
985. The situation in relation to the administration of juvenile justice, in particular its compatibility with articles 37, 39 and 40 of the Convention and other relevant standards such as the Beijing Rules, the Riyadh Guidelines and the United Nations Rules for the Protection of Juveniles Deprived of Their Liberty, is a matter of concern to the Committee.
In view of the congruence between the programmatic and organizational structures of the Organization, the programme budget will contain financial information at both the programme and subprogramme levels.
Concerning innovative sources of financing, there is a series of research publications and newsletters by the UNCTAD secretariat on greenhouse gas emissions trading dating back to 1992.
10. Because of their similar professional responsibilities, it is not surprising that IAEA and the Committee have a history of close cooperation.
The situations differ too much to be brought together in a single approach.
HDD: heating degree days index of the considered year
(b) Economic and technical cooperation among developing countries
"Recalling its decision 1993/246 of 27 July 1993 and its decision 1996/248 of 23 July 1996, by which it authorized the enlargement of the membership of the Subcommission on Illicit Drug Traffic and Related Matters in the Near and Middle East,
PROHIBITION OF THE DUMPING OF RADIOACTIVE WASTES; REGIONAL DISARMAMENT; ESTABLISHMENT OF A NUCLEAR-WEAPON-FREE ZONE IN
32. The Committee notes the need for further reforms in the field of juvenile justice and treatment of young offenders to ensure full implementation of articles 37, 39 and 40 of the Convention.
45. The Committee welcomes the steps taken to reform the school system and to improve the quality of education, including a thorough review of the curricula.
18. Support account for peacekeeping operations —
United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
26. Finally, Mr. Joinet said that priority should be given to measures for encouraging prevention of the crime of genocide, by defining two areas: repressive measures and incentives designed to combat incitement to and provocation of genocide and the role of a working group on prevention of genocide.
2. The strategy sets out the operational activities of UNCTAD that address the practical problems of trade and development in an era of globalization and liberalization.
12. Requests the Secretary-General to convene a meeting of the ad hoc committee at Vienna from 18 to 29 January 1999 and to consider the possibility of convening a second meeting before the eighth session of the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, if this proves necessary to advance the process;
The disposal of UNPF assets has been guided by the principles endorsed by the General Assembly in section VII of its resolution 49/233 A of 23 December 1994.
Methane emissions decreased in the 1991 to 1994/95 period in most reporting Parties, except Canada and Norway where emission increases were likely related to robust oil and natural gas production, and the United States of America where the increase was related to growth in emissions from agriculture and waste disposal.
By its decision 1987/13 (E/ICEF/1987/11), taken at its 1987 regular session, the Executive Board adopted the UNICEF Financial Regulations and Rules in accordance with Economic and Social Council decision 1986/1981 of 23 July 1986, as approved by the General Assembly in its decision 41/461 of 11 December 1986.
The lack of these three elements may result in arbitrary decisions, on the basis of which the United Nations Administrative Tribunal may be obliged to award damages.
The list of attendees should be submitted by Monday, 10 November, to Ms. Glenda San Pedro (fax: 963-0952).
26. No provision is required under this heading.
The Depositary shall inform the other signatories and Parties of any such notification.
The review of this protocol/another legal instrument shall be undertaken under Article 4.2(d) of the Convention.
The Committee is also concerned at the lack of timely or preventive measures of protection to the victims from police or military officials in the vicinity and at the persistent allegations of collusion of members of the security forces in terrorist attacks.
The SBSTA also agreed to the Chairman’s proposal to follow the recommendations on the division of labour between the SBSTA and the Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI) that were agreed by both bodies at their sixth sessions, and consequently to allow one body to take overall responsibility in considering an issue.
UNMIBH has stated that recruitment and return of minority police will be one of its primary goals for 1998 and 1999.
It had signed some 20 bilateral investment treaties and was party to an increasing number of regional agreements dealing with investment.
Equipment/commercial software licenses (in support of activity (a) under para. 44).
52. IAEA –Technical Assistance and Cooperation Committee
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 145.
Assessed contributions unpaidb (schedule 31.1)
15. Towards this end, it is proposed that brainstorming meetings, involving high-level experts and senior representatives of United Nations programmes and agencies involved in development work, be organized to carry out extensive analysis drawing from past experience, in order to identify remedial measures and basic policy approaches that could provide the foundation of a new international consensus on development.
I have the honour to enclose herewith a copy of the letter dated 30 July 1998 addressed to His Excellency Mr. Ernesto Samper, the then-President of Colombia, in his capacity as Chairman of the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries, by His Excellency Mr. Rauf R. Denktaş, President of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, concerning the section on Cyprus of the Communiqué adopted at the Ministerial Meeting of the Coordinating Bureau of the Non-Aligned Movement, held on 19 and 20 May 1998 in Cartagena de Indias, Colombia.
(f) International Labour Organization (ILO):
(d) All exceptions to the Staff Rules should be reported, with explanations for the basis of such decisions.
The emergency session was the third of its kind to be held by the Assembly on the Har Homa issue.
9. Significant progress has by now also been achieved in developing the capacities of local non-governmental organizations within the broad framework of building civil society.
(t) Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction.
It has also tried to cope with the increased workload by taking every opportunity to improve its efficiency.
The overall heating rate, dT/dt (K/min), due to fire engulfment is calculated by equation (4):
Chapter V Summary and recommendation to the General Assembly
11. Urges the Conference on Disarmament to take into account in this regard the proposal of the twenty-eight delegations for a programme of action for the elimination of nuclear weapons,104 as well as the mandate for the ad hoc committee on nuclear disarmament, proposed by the twenty-six delegations;105
116. At the same meeting, the Council adopted draft resolution E/1998/L.34.
(ii) Three 7-day official trips to New York by the Special Representative of the Secretary-General and the Chief Administrative Officer for consultations and meetings at a cost of $15,300 ($3,600 per round-trip air fare and $1,500 seven days’ subsistence allowance per person per trip);
Provision of $30,000 is made for landing fees and ground handling charges at an estimated monthly cost of $2,500.
Provision of medical and dental services and supplies (level–2 medical facility) at the established rate of $76.75 per person–month.
17. By improving access by MFIs to international markets, assisting them in meeting the necessary criteria to mobilize such funds and at the same time providing an alternative paradigm to international investors, one can channel funds, in a sustainable manner, from the private sector in the developed world to the private sector in the developing world.
Members will also have before them Conference Room Papers A/52/CRP.1 and 2 as well as the Informal List of Measures and Proposals provided by the Secretariat on 7 October 1997.
The Committee notes that the reservations entered by Finland upon ratification of the Covenant with respect to articles 10(2)(b) and (3), 14(7) and 20(1) are still in force and recommends that consideration be given to the withdrawal of these reservations.
Advances for International Fund for Agricultural Development projects The amount of US$ 2,695,479 shown in statement II represents balances due to Government for funds received in advance for projects funded by IFAD loans and to IFAD itself for funds received related to loan administration and project supervision.
10. Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the Conference of the Parties at its fourth session on income and budget performance, and to propose any adjustments that might be needed in the Convention budget for the biennium 1998-1999.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recom- mended by the First Committee in paragraph 8 of its report (A/52/610) (resolution 52/48).
(d) Report of the Secretary-General on assistance to refugees, returnees and displaced persons in Africa (A/53/328); A/53/620
Mindful of the valuable contribution to be rendered by the Commission within the framework of the United Nations Decade of International Law, in particular as regards the dissemination of international trade law,
In this context, the opportunities in, for example, the rapidly growing developing economies of East and South-East Asia and Latin America, as well as the emerging African market-place, particularly for meat and poultry, were stressed.
6. At the 26th meeeting, on 11 November, the representative of Austria, on behalf of Algeria, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Belgium, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Canada, Chile, China, Colombia, Côte d’Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Ecuador, Egypt, Fiji, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Iceland, India, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Kenya, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Mexico, Mongolia, Morocco, Myanmar, the Netherlands, Nigeria, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, the Russian Federation, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, the Sudan, Sweden, Thailand, Turkey, Uganda, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, Uruguay, Venezuela and Zimbabwe, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Report of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on the work of its thirty-first session” (A/C.6/53/L.7).
47. The urban rehabilitation component of the PEACE Initiative is implemented by Habitat, in partnership with other United Nations agencies.
REPORT OF THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE TO INVESTIGATE ISRAELI PRACTICES
15. It was reiterated at the meeting that the political settlement of conflicts is a precondition for effective solutions to problems of refugees and other displaced persons.
The following observations are submitted in response to that invitation.
Hungary reported on research and systematic observation carried out over many years in the climatic, meteorological and ecological areas.
The Executive Board of UNDP and of UNFPA will hold informal consultations on the reports of the Executive Board field visits to Jamaica, Turks and Caicos Islands and Cuba (DP/ 1997/CRP.24) and to Kyrgyzstan and Latvia (DP/1997/CRP.26) on Thursday, 9 October 1997, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Eco-nomic and Social Council Chamber.
The Committee points out that such coercion contravenes the Government's obligations under the Convention to ensure women's reproductive rights to freedom of choice and informed consent with respect to methods of family planning.
It shall also assume responsibility, as appropriate, for arrangements to facilitate financial and administrative management and reporting on resources (financial and human) that may be made available for the work of the Global Mechanism.
In the immediate wake of this decision, government officials explained to the Special Rapporteur that resources were exhausted and that a continued influx could pose a threat to the internal security of the Republic.
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT AND INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC COOPERATION
97. Programme outputs and output delivery dates should be quantified by the departments themselves on the basis of appropriate guidelines issued by the Central Monitoring and Inspection Unit.
Sponsored by UNDP headquarters and the United Nations Staff College Project, these workshops were held in Africa and Asia for high-level managers from national institutions responsible for the management of development from various countries in the region.
Indeed, copper exports accounted for relatively large shares in total earnings of many of those countries, including Chile, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Papua New Guinea, Peru and Zambia (see table 2).
The review indicated that, apart from the reporting of the value of contributions-in-kind, the presentation of the financial statements is generally consistent with the standards.
Subsequently, the Chairman of the SBSTA, with the concurrence of that body, has decided that the three NGO constituencies mentioned in paragraph 5 above can have a seat with a nameplate, on the floor of that body, and has allowed interventions on specific point of its agenda.
16. The support provided by the donor community in recent years has significantly helped to address acute transit transport constraints, particularly with regard to transit transport infrastructure.
139. Building on existing arrangements and consistent with host government preference, steps should be taken to strengthen cooperation among the Bretton Woods institutions and the rest of the United Nations system in support to government external resource mobilization and aid coordination efforts, including through the round-table process and consultative group mechanisms and other arrangements for policy dialogue with donors.
Due to other United Nations agencies 21 332
26. At its thirteenth, fourteenth and fifteenth sessions, held in September-October 1996, January and May-June 1997 respectively, the Committee considered 18 reports submitted under article 44 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Report of the Secretary-General on plans and projects for the sustainable development of small island developing States implemented, under implementation or envisaged for the period 1999–2003 by bilateral donors, United Nations organizations and regional and non-United Nations international organizations (A/53/358)
Labour unions are protected by the Labour Union Law of 1949.They have the rights of a corporation and a special tax system is applied to them.
Under each of these broad areas, a wealth of detailed suggestions, proposals and recommendations have been made and these are reflected below:
They considered, however, that additional measures were required and that these should be carefully designed to address the concerns of individual States in relation to specific treaties which they have not ratified.
Conditions of service applicable to the staff of the WTO secretariat
102. The Systems and Data Analysis Unit is responsible for the preparation of data analyses for resource planning and financial management.
Since the inception of UNAVEM III on 9 February 1995, provisions and related expenditures had been limited to freight charges related to the transfer of used vehicles from the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi and other peacekeeping operations.
19. Notes that 1999 has been declared the International Year of Older Persons, and calls upon the Office of the High Commissioner to make renewed efforts to ensure that the rights, needs and dignity of elderly refugees are fully respected and addressed through appropriate programme activities;
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 3rd plenary meeting, on 15 September 1998
23. As of 30 September 1998, a total of 91 States parties to the Convention, including the European Community, were, as of that date, bound by the Agreement.
Interest and miscellaneous income arising from UNDP, UNFPA and UNEP activities are credited to the operating fund accounts maintained with those organizations.
This integration is of particular importance in developing countries, and especially in LDCs, where the majority of SMEs operate in the informal sector.
To that end, the Secretary-General again sought the assistance of the Rector of the United Nations University, who, at his request, made available a highly qualified expert, Mihaly Simai, to assist in the preparation of the study.
14. The Secretariat made an introductory statement on the conference room paper on the promotion of judicial cooperation.
“(a) Any divorced spouse of a participant or former participant, separated on or after 1 April 1999, who was entitled to a retirement, early retirement, deferred retirement or disability benefit, or of a participant who died in service on or after that date, may, subject to the provisions of article 34 (b) (applicable also to widowers), request a former spouse’s benefit, if the conditions specified in paragraph (b) below are fulfilled;
5. As required by its mandate, OIOS reports to the Secretary-General on the status of implementation of its recommendations on a semi-annual basis.
Headquarters and the United Nations Office at Geneva have been providing interpretation services for videoconferences on an ad hoc basis.
Activities of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), under its Great Lakes Operation, cover refugees in Burundi, Rwanda and the United Republic of Tanzania, as well as activities in favour of refugees from Burundi, Rwanda and the Congo in the Democratic Republic of the Congo; refugees from Burundi, Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the Congo; and refugees from Burundi, Rwanda, the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo in all other countries in Central, East, West and Southern Africa.
Advises on the demobilization and reintegration process through the formulation of a strategy and plan of action related to the demobilization and reintegration programme, including the identification of objectives, the formulation of a timetable and the implementation of training materials for the use of demobilizing troops.
The British national, after first denying her identity to the Kenyan Police, subsequently acknowledged it upon the production of her passport.
The Fund is administered by a board of trustees.
She also provided a brief overview of the legal framework for investment in the country.
(a) the nature or amount of the security already obtained in respect of the same claim is inadequate, provided that the aggregate amount of security may not exceed the value of the ship;.
(a) To evaluate how well the internationally coordinated systems for providing current and advance climatological and weather-related information performed during the 1997/1998 El Niño, and to recommend priorities and initiatives to improve the effectiveness of those systems for future El Niño and other climate-related emergencies;
