A. Draft decision proposed by the Chairman
The SBI approved the organization of the work presented by the Chairman.
15. Elections to fill vacancies in principal organs (item 15):
pipeline routes A number of pipeline projects are in the offing.
Crime prevention and criminal justice [103]
* Following the meeting of the Working Group on Procedural Matters.
The conference will take place in Brussels on 1 October and 2 October 1998.
For example, in the fats market, margarine is a substitute for butter.
∙ improvements in key areas since previous report
A. United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea
9. Decolonization Programme of the United Nations system (A/C.4/52/L.4/Rev.1)
The Seminar was attended by 84 experts from all over the world.
The following observations are submitted in response to that invitation.
C. Methodological issues 57 22 INTRODUCTION
DOCUMENTS BEFORE THE AD HOC GROUP ON THE BERLIN MANDATE AT ITS SEVENTH SESSION
(l) Prohibition of the dumping of radioactive wastes
• Nuclear technologies for detection and for treaty verification.
1. Takes note of the note by the Secretary-General; A/53/321.
VII. Cost estimates for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999
Violations of the right to freedom of association
(c) Other costs pertaining to military personnel
26. No provision is required under this heading.
3. The group suggests the following approach:
Council of Arab Economic Unity (Council decision 109 (LIX))
However, it was being administered by UNPF until 30 June 1996.
established quick response window for technical cooperation projects.
Both cases are being investigated by the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
This would be considered by the Authority in the next session.
Such conflicts could be resolved by careful policy analysis and policy design.
Nayera G. El-din Husein (Egypt), Ministry of Health, Cairo
5. Reports of the subsidiary bodies of the Commission
A summary of those developments is provided below.
Among those participating were reportedly members of the PLC.
conducted by the Governments of India and Pakistan, issued
Also, the rate of new arrests has significantly decreased compared to 1997.
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/52/L.18 and L.53
The area under cultivation is estimated at 50,000 hectares.
Paragraph 24.2 Replace paragraph 24.2 with the following:
1992 Investment and Export Credit Conference Regional Binding Adopted
IV. Living conditions in the West Bank and Gaza Strip
Such shares did not, however, carry voting rights.
Item 1. Report of the Economic and Social Council.
(a) Appointment of the members of the Credentials Committee;
Programme of work of the Conference of the Parties
(e) [as (d) in alternative 3 in JIGE(IX)/2, page 13];
UNMOT United Nations Mission of Observers in Tajikistan
Introduction of draft proposal A/C.3/52/L.14 and Corr.1
PRINCIPLE 26. SCOPE OF RESTRICTIVE MEASURES
Financing of the United Nations Mission of Observers in Tajikistan
Executive and Life Member, Senior Citizen's Welfare Association, Nepal.
FORTHCOMING MEETINGS Thursday, 13 November 1997
A total of 202 journalists are accredited with the Tribunal.
2. Factors and difficulties affecting the implementation of the Covenant
(b) Replace proposed new paragraph 2.22 with the following:
Consider report of Commission for Social Development
VII. Cost estimates for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999
Progressive development of the law of international trade:
3. Intergovernmental Authority on Development
Contractual services 67.2 42.2 58.5 138.6 100.7 6.0 106.7
Candidatures for the appointment of an external auditor.
The Board will keep these matters under review.
IV. Support mechanisms and services for SMEs
Includes international and local bank charges.
Amount in millions of United States dollars
Appendix VII - Desertification and Desert Cultivation Studies Centre (DADCSC).
Mr. John Vereker, Permanent Under Secretary at the British
(c) Establishment on the ground of the common land border;
Development up to the definition phase has been carried out by CNES.
Appointment of members of the Committee on Contributions
The regional report is expected to be available by 15 December 1998.
E. Purchase of survivors' benefits in respect of
I. Dynamic markets and export sectors 2 - 9
He made no reference to the fact that human lives were lost.
Section 3. Peacekeeping operations and Special missions
Letter dated 9 October 1998 from the Permanent
Any Party to the Convention may propose amendments to this Protocol.
He stressed the need precisely to define the purpose of the study.
Truck tractor Truck cargo, light and panel van
(b) Organization of the work of the session
2. Impact of telecommunications on the other sectors of trade efficiency
Office of the Chief Administrative Officer
c Includes assessed contributions irrespective of collectability.
Lifetime of activity if different from ending date:c)
Statement III summarizes the Organization's net cash flows for the period.
Welcome to the forty-ninth session of the Executive Committee.
(b) Supplies, services and operating costs
3. Information provided by regional and subregional fisheries organizations
The Guarantor Countries shall be present and shall assist the commission.
2. Legal dimensions of the Trade Point programme
5. Information technology services in the Secretariat are decentralized.
Africa: New Agenda for Development (Part IV section 8)
Matching gratis military personnel posts with workload
116. At the same meeting, the Council adopted draft resolution E/1998/L.34.
of the Philippines to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
(d) Make and arrange for keeping of sound recordings of the session;
(on macroeconomic policy questions: items 95 (d)
of organs and subsidiary organs of the United Nations
Details of the massacre of 22 persons in Jammu and Kashmir
10. The operational environment in the country has fluctuated unpredictably.
of Morocco to the United Nations addressed to the
55. Implementation of the resolutions of the United Nations (P.55).
A breakdown of CO2 emission reductions by sector is presented in table 7.
(c) The square brackets around operative paragraph 10 were deleted;
Noting the results of the independence referendum held on 16 August 1995,
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/125), A/53/309.
The word “chapters” should be replaced with “programmes and subprogrammes”.
II. Consideration of draft resolution A/C.6/53/L.19/Rev.1
Election of five non-permanent members of the Security Council [15 (a)]
1974 At Group of 77 on the Law of the Sea, Nairobi.
The observer for Algeria made a statement.
I cannot lay this only at the Government's door.
20. Income from staff assessment(1 564 900)
D. Adoption of the report of the Conference of the Parties on its first session
Detained at Gitarama, Rwanda, since 6 June 1996
9. Central American Bank for Economic Integration (BCIE)
- Authorize the construction of public facilities on public beaches;
MEETINGS OTHER THAN MEETINGS OF UNITED NATIONS BODIES
The issue was deferred for further study.
V. Regional dimensions of operational activities
. Regional Appropriate international and regional bodies
The new procedures will be strictly monitored and enforced.”
It was also publicized through the Radio Bulletin Board.
7. The Committee recommended to the General Assembly that it:
47. Further worldwide efforts to improve the situation of women are necessary.
Unaccompanied shipments for staff appointed or assigned for less than one year
D. Voluntary contributions and trust funds
Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP)
(d) At the end of paragraph 23.8, add and the views of the host Governments;
[MULTILATERAL TREATIES DEPOSITED WITH THE SECRETARY-GENERAL]
Several Asian countries already had such a policy in place.
Some have also requested access to informal negotiating meetings.
A statement was made by the representative of Iraq.
The task force has considered several country case studies.
Federation of International Civil Servants’ Associations
I should be grateful if the item could be allocated to the plenary Assembly.
The Secretary—General is grateful for the replies to his note.
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL
Yet, in many situations, humanitarian workers are still alone on the ground.
(h) Developing research methodology expertise in the network.
In addition, the Automobil Club Italia may provide a car hire desk.
(d) Publicity for the commissions' reports
It could also be presented in a report to the General Assembly.
A. Country rapporteurs for reports considered by the
II. Consideration of draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.65
Action on draft proposals A/C.3/52/L.4, L.6, L.7, L.8, L.22 and L.23
6. Development and transfer of technologies.
Priority attention is expected to be given to the following issues:
The Netherlands subsequently nominated an expert.
5 December 1997 GC.7/Dec.12 WORKING CAPITAL FUND
Matters brought to the attention of States parties
Letter dated 7 October 1998 from the Permanent Representative
However, this study shows that problems of high tariffs are still widespread.
Geographical distribution (List I and II):
These cases are reviewed on the basis of merit.
4 Professional (1 P-5, 2 P-4 and 1 P-2) and 2 General Service
DOCUMENTS BEFORE THE AD HOC GROUP ON THE BERLIN MANDATE AT ITS SIXTH SESSION
11. Election-related supplies and services
[MULTILATERAL TREATIES DEPOSITED WITH THE SECRETARY-GENERAL]
Currently proposed Under-Secretary-General
Workshop on Values and Governance in Asia
128. Financing of the United Nations Operation in Somalia II
X. Action to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session
and for promoting sustainable development
E. Status of the special account established prior to 16 June 1993
200 M and/or outer edge of continental margin (UNCLOS)
The rationale of the strategy is twofold.
The Council had before it the following documents:
(b) Administrative and financial implications of the actions of the Board
Consideration of communications under article 22 of the Conven-tion [6]
(b) Provision of food, including transportation and distribution 2 444 400
(b) Economic and technical cooperation among developing countries
Chairman: Mr. José Alberto de Sousa (Portugal)
We in the Department of Public Information can do no less.
the Convention 36 I. OPENING OF THE SESSION
(d) Arrangements for participation by observer organizations
The recent Asian financial crisis attests to this.
1. Draft staff regulation 1.1 (c) is new.
This pilot exercise was conducted during 1979 and 1980.
Apportionment: $439,300; expenditure: $407,600; variance: $31,700
Apportionment: $632,400; expenditure: $336,700; variance: $295,700
Principle 32: Restrictions on the principle of the irremovability of judges
(i) Financial reports on trust funds and technical cooperation
Unpredictability and surprise have become almost commonplace.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of agenda item 137.
17. United Nations Logistics Base, Brindisi
National currency and unit of measure: 10,000,000 Italian lire
Economic conditions had also been severe.
The obligation to adopt appropriate measures of law and policy
Reports, conclusions and recommendations of subsidiary bodies [7]
PRINCIPLE 7. DEFINITION OF THE COMMISSIONS' TERMS OF REFERENCE
He found the concept of the study very useful.
Landlocked – Review of transit agreements
Replace the paragraph with paragraph 8.8 (d) of the current medium-term plan
Edited texts and revised translations are issued later;
In brief, the prohibition can be modified at any time if all parties agree.
Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice (SBSTA):
Adviser, Regional Information Technology and Software Engineering Center
2. Restrictions justified by the desire to combat impunity
D. Future orientation of international support measures
The representative of Austria made a statement.
“UNDCP: facts and figures”, information note released in English in March
– Deployment of advance logistics elements completed
Association of the Tchoutkotka people “Awan”
The requisitions never resulted in obligations and were subsequently deleted.
69. Administrative Committee on Coordination (ACC).
Working group on the draft declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples
The discussion of the item focused on the issues set out below.
The representative of Poland also made a statement.
C. Organization of the work of future sessions
Tenth progress report of the Secretary-General
The membership of the Investments Committee is as follows:
(b) Table 2, current status of 1999 estimated income from voluntary sources;
147. In addition, the Committee was seized with the following request:
11-12 March Teheran National Awareness Seminar in Iran
Consideration of and action on draft decision A/C.5/52/L.8
2. Draft report of the Committee (A/AC.154/ 1997/CRP.2)
6. Deliberate attacks on civilian populations have continued.
Refurbishment of toilets and showers at Camp Valhalla
PREPARATORY COMMITTEE ON THE ESTABLISHMENT OF AN INTERNATIONAL CRIMINAL COURT
The job description for the post is as follows:
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item.
Skids, frameworks, cradles or other similar structures are acceptable.
Material for insertion in the Journal should be addressed to Room S-1138
The financial statements are the responsibility of the Executive Director.
Participants in the guided tours at Headquarters (January–July)
The Roma population are a matter of particular concern.
Note verbale dated 29 May 1998 from the Permanent Mission
The Fund is administered by a board of trustees.
Section 15. Economic Commission for Africa
“6.10 Biological products and diagnostic specimens
C. Principal subjects of concern, suggestions and recommendations
Programme budget for the biennium 1998–1999
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 64.
III. Chairman's summary of informal discussions under agenda items 3 and 4
Ballistic-protective blankets for vehicles
9 February to 31 December 1995 (resolution 51/213)
16 July to 15 September 1993 (decision 47/450 C)
9. No attack on a humanitarian zone would be allowed to go unpunished.
Staff will have to be reassigned to meet these key needs.
(a) Complementary communications 2 787 900
The functions of each of these are described below.
The revision process has commenced and will be completed by the end of 1998.
Replace subparagraph 20.9 (b) with the following:
TD/B/COM.2/ISAR/1 Provisional agenda and annotations
III. Recommendations of the Sixth Committee
Turkey is always ready to threaten to take military measures against Cyprus.
Recalling decision 10/9 of the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee (INCD),
Reports received during the period under review
30. United Nations reform: measures and proposals.
38. Operational projects including the following:
The police reported that one border policeman was slightly injured by a stone.
Note 2. Special accounting provisions for peacekeeping operations
O. World Intellectual Property Organization
Letter dated 8 April 1998 from the Permanent Representative of
4. Estimated resource requirements for 1998 and 1999
thirtieth annual report of the United Nations Commission
B. Voluntary contributions and trust funds
73. United Nations peacekeeping: Dag Hammarskjöld Medal.
(c) Development of annex I to the Convention;
Migrants seeking work should not present themselves as asylum seekers.
Section III - The new dynamics of international trade 12
1985 Declaration on Transborder Data Flows OECD Regional Non-binding Adopted
International Conference on Population and Development/Population
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 150.
It is estimated that between 70,000 and 120,000 people are infected with HIV.
14. The Iranian media are clearly continuing to have a difficult time.
6. To sign a memorandum on crime prevention.
Replace subparagraph 20.9 (b) with the following:
51. In the north-west the frequency of clan clashes has been reduced.
Continuation and conclusion of general discussion
Protection of the heritage of indigenous people
Accept, Sir, the assurances of my highest consideration.
Jointly financed administrative activities and special expenses
Chief, Integrated Support Services (P-5, 1 post)
Item 130 Financing of the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus
Financial performance of UNFCCC: Contributions and expenditures in
(b) Current organizational and management concepts;
II. Context and challenges of humanitarian assistance
This number increased by the end of 1994 to 27.4 million.
1 ICCD/COP(1)/11/Add.1, decision 5/COP.1.
II. Report of the Board of Auditors Summary A. Introduction
1056th meeting Item 4 (a). Report of INCB for 1997
This would require funding for participation, as proposed by NGOs themselves.
Permanent Mission of Colombia of Costa Rica to the United Nations
Palestinian sources reported that 90 demonstrators had been injured.
UN 3052 Add subsidiary risk “4.3” in column (b2) .
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
The Asian miracle became the Asian crisis.
Draft resolution A/C.1/52/L.26 was adopted without a vote.
Their functions and users differ considerably.
(b) List of other Palestinians killed as a result of the occupation
— At the national level: fast means of communication + fax + electronic mail
“Towards a Nuclear-weapon-free world: the need for a new agenda
C. Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
Over 65 per cent of the households supported by WFP are headed by women.
Surely, this is a precedent that this Commission cannot allow to stand.
(iii) $50,000 for organization of trade-related round tables.
Standardization of these structures is not desirable.
1. Crime prevention and criminal justice [103]
(d) Spain v. Canada, concerning fisheries jurisdiction.
UNHCR Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees
Underlining the importance of the ICS technology development activities,
The case files include all property lost in a single incident.
The implementation of the programme has just begun.
2. Ms. Aissata Gomgnibou Boly Burkina Faso
Details on the drawdown schedule of vehicles is shown in annex VI.A.
Add the following paragraphs to the preamble:
15. Assistance for disarmament and demobilization —
Various workshop equipment required for repairs/
In portable tank instruction T34, add the following new lines:
Draft decisions recommended by the SBI at its sixth session*
Candidate of Law, Professor of International Law.
FOOD PROCESSING SECTOR IN DEVELOPING COUNTRIES
Resources were thus available for major debt reduction operations.
Letter dated 11 May 1998 from the Permanent Representative
NOTE 1: For amendments to Chapter 12, Part I and Chapter 17, see annex 3.
FCCC/SBSTA/1997/L.3 Activities implemented jointly under the pilot phase.
II. Status of adherence to the 1988 Convention 3-7 3
Another detainee, Hassan Fatafta, was also released.
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL
Item 2 - Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
United Nations reform: measures and proposals
6.6.5.3.4.5 Criteria for passing the test
5. Provisional agenda for the thirty-first session of the Working Party
GC.7/Dec.9 ELECTION OF MEMBERS OF THE PROGRAMME AND BUDGET COMMITTEE
18/COP.1 Procedures for the establishment and maintenance of a roster of
11. Spare parts and repair and maintenance of vehicles
21. Implementation of the 1996 Operation Lifeline Sudan review continued.
(5% of total A, less United Nations subvention)
Ideally one indicator per issue and expected result. .
Do quantitative data exist for evaluation of social benefits?
Consideration of reports of States parties [4]
Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples
16. No provision is required under this heading.
Note 18. Contingent financial liabilities
There was a general discussion of the draft in plenary.
(c) Other intergovernmental organizations
1963 Appointed Judge of the Court of First Instance of Patras, Greece.
V. Financial statements for the biennium ended 31 December 1997
Both frequency and tariff levels are a matter of concern.
“Party” means, unless the text otherwise indicates, a Party to this Protocol.
(c) Identifying and understanding the relevant internal controls;
2. Market access and entry conditions 35-39
UNTSO United Nations Truce Supervision Organization
and of the Secretary-General of UNCTAD to 20 meetings
8. In this cooperation, the BSEC-EU relationship is of particular importance.
(ii) Note by the Secretary-General (A/52/260);
These murders were strongly condemned by the international community.
4. South eastern part of the Eastern Desert
One such accusation is that of “excessive military force”.
Higher cost per trip than originally estimated. Contingents
Action on draft proposals A/C.3/52/L.27, L.28*, L.29* and L.30
8. Adoption of the report of the Commission to the Trade and Development Board.
The situation was intolerable and unacceptable.
(c) To avoid increases at the high net income levels.
(b) The balance between Turkey and Greece over Cyprus; and
IV. International economic cooperation for development
(b) United Nations disarmament fellowship training and advisory services
C. Working methods of the Special Committee
Frequency counter Multimeter Bench power supply
Association Internationale de Droit Pénal
The draft schedule of meetings for the three days is attached to this document.
B. Guarantees of non-recurrence of violations PRINCIPLE 37.
of Zimbabwe to the United Nations of Georgia to the United Nations
In this regard, WHO focuses its work at both the country and global levels.
Will citizens flourish in the global economy or be marginalized?
The representative of UNESCO also made a statement.
Rapporteur: Mr. Tammam Sulaiman (Syrian Arab Republic)
Subprogramme 20.5 Humanitarian emergency information
In many developed countries, food habits are changing.
Letter dated 6 August 1998 from the representatives of the
(b) The economic development of developing countries;
C. Experience with the application of BITs
II. PROPOSALS AND RECOMMENDATIONS 44 — 47 10
R. Draft resolution A/C.1/53/L.38 and Rev.1
Restructuring of the Central African armed forces was still under way;
Overall staffing of units involved in backstopping peacekeeping operations
(c) Subscription to aviation publications ($500).
This can be found in document FCCC/AGBM/1997/3/Add.1.
(i) Emergency or simplified scheduling processes;
- Logistics (computer, car services, etc.) = $ 2 000
Letter dated 2 June 1998 from the Secretary-General
of any opinion whatsoever on the part of the Secretariat of the United Nations.
It had before it a note prepared by the secretariat (FCCC/SBI/1997/4).
Local council elections are to take place on 5 December 1998.
25. Concluding observations: Lao People's Democratic Republic
Section 26: Communications and public information
The Pension Fund is a funded defined benefit plan.
The problem of plutonium disposal is discussed further below.
I. Participation of non-governmental organizations 11-12 4
- Improve and simplify the presentation of results;
The Committee concluded its debate on the item.
“(j) Consolidation of peace through practical disarmament measures;
Cost of commercially supplied electricity, water and fuel.
(b) nominations come from the countries listed in Annex IV;
Key recommendations made by the Board are:
Conditions of service applicable to the staff of the WTO secretariat
Consideration of and action on draft resolution A/C.5/52/ L.6.
The area of property losses is no less affected in this regard.
HDD: heating degree days index of the considered year
or compound solution2,10 or compound dispersion2,10,
- CST work programme Preparation of report of CST
(b) Communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention
The insufficient leisure opportunities are also a matter of concern.
FCCC/SBSTA/1997/13 Second communications from Parties included in
(b) International Decade for Natural Disaster Reduction
5.1. Mobilization and channelling Resources
It is estimated to contribute about 6% to the overall greenhouse effect.
ANNOUNCEMENTS Chairmen of regional groups
United Nations Institute for Training and Research
18. Support account for peacekeeping operations
Greater efforts are being made to increase awareness of the work of UNU.
(e) Admission of organizations as observers;
The total number of regular budget posts should be four.
(b) Report of the Secretary-General (A/52/581);
This would serve not only their own interests but those of humanity as a whole.
(f) International Labour Organization (ILO):
MEASURES TO ELIMINATE INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM
Chief, Contracts Management, Engineering and Maintenance Services
Programme performance of the United Nations for the biennium 1996-1997
Recalling its resolution 52/215 B of 22 December 1997,
Programme 13. International drug control;
(b) Voluntary Fund for Indigenous Populations.
This to take place through a flexible system of working groups
Participation would be limited, essentially to ministers.
See section C of present annex for additional information.
Letter dated 29 May 1998 from the Permanent Representative
IDB.18/Dec.9 Appointment of an external auditor (IDB.18/SR.7, paras. 19-20) 17
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of this agenda item.
Three major topics were discussed, namely, cooperation, trade and investment.
Administrative arrangements for the International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO
Which mechanisms have proved to be successful, which ones have been a failure?
3. Domestic conditions and related policies
He shall be the highest official of the Agency of la Francophonie.
Decreased appropriation for the biennium 1996-1997 (resolution 52/213 A)
SCHEDULED MEETINGS Saturday, 13 December 1997
Statement III Cash flow for the biennium ended 31 December 1997
That is why they are known as anti—competitive practices, as described below:
Statement XXVIII (concluded) Schedule 28.1
A. Origin and background of the Working Group
UNDCP also has procedures for thematic and project evaluations.
These principles relate to four main areas, discussed below.
IGBP International Geosphere-Biosphere Programme
13. The consultants will complete their work in early August.
WAFUNIF World Association of Former United Nations Interns and Fellows XXVII
Republic of Lithuania United States of America
IV. Provisional agenda for the second session of the Commission
Experience with the review of first national communications
Report of the Secretary-General on the work of the Organization
No further funding was available from my Government for other travel.
Between 1105 and 1420 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the South.
The Committee adopted the draft resolution.
The head of Programme Area A would act as deputy to the Managing Director.
See section B of present annex for additional information.
28/COP.1 Date and venue of the second session of the Conference of the Parties
Rule 12 (Rights of representatives pending confirmation)
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/174).
There are two difficulties involved in this form of illegal practice:
The situations differ too much to be brought together in a single approach.
re-entry into the Earth's atmosphere and does international customary law exist
The Secretary-General shall sign international agreements.
1. Takes note of the information contained in document FCCC/SBI/1997/INF.2;
17. United Nations Logistics Base, Brindisi
V. Action by the Commission and proceedings of the closing plenary 48 - 53
The Committee resumed its consideration of this agenda item.
40. Attempts have been made to “measure” violations of human rights.
Programme on Enhancing Security and Development
12. Public information programmes(84 900)
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/52/L.40 and Corr.1
The General Assembly adopted draft resolution A/52/L.9 (resolution 52/7).
The Committee tried always to work by consensus.
Mr. Terry Noade (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland)
Do quantitative data exist for evaluation of economic benefits?
THIRD SESSION OF THE CONFERENCE OF THE PARTIES:
The corporate segment of the economy has so far been left out of view.
I. Recommendations adopted by the Expert Meeting . 2
The Secretary of the Committee responded to a question posed.
48. No provision is required under this heading.
Special Rapporteur on the Situation of Human Rights in Cuba
(b) Field missions, with or without partners;
— The powers and responsibilities of the Secretary of State, police and others;
3. Programme budget for the biennium 1996-1997: Second Performance Report
(Signed) Timothy Wirth President Annex II
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/52/L.5 and L.46
Such cases are more difficult to pinpoint than the former.
HDDnorm: average heating degree day index over several years
Describe briefly how costs are determined:
Add reference to the following resolutions:
The housing shortage was particularly acute in East Jerusalem.
More than 90 per cent of the targeted 375,000 children were vaccinated.
“(b) Report of the Conference on Disarmament;
Figure IV. Net ODA flows from DAC countries to Africa, 1995 and 1996
Global Environmental Change – Human and Policy Dimensions;
This quantity complicated their description and analysis significantly.
7. Adoption of the report of the Commission.
impact of the Uruguay Round Agreements on development and
Accession: Saudi Arabia (7 November 1997)*
Statement XIV. International Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons
Ten featurettes on human rights and population, released in English
Due to other United Nations agencies 21 332
(e) Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
Delayed processing of personnel actions/late receipt of invoices.
United Nations Transition Assistance Groupa
The commentary will be published in 1997.
Biennial programme of work of the Fifth Committee for 1999–2000
Participants in advisory meetings are not dealt with in this report.
2. Non-governmental and community-based organizations
A number of other cost items have also been revised downwards.
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT AND INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC COOPERATION:
It was pointed out that “efficient” did not mean “cheap”.
Additional information is provided in section B of the present annex.
They should be lifted as soon as the intended objective had been met.
(b) In section I, operative paragraph 5, which had read:
Radio bulletins on electronic bulletin board
17. No provision is required under this heading.
GHG emissions in 1994 were 20 per cent lower than in 1990.
11. Complaint by Iraq concerning incidents on its frontier with Iran (S/11216).
Items 46 and 113 (a) of the preliminary list*
Principle 12: Publicizing the commissions' reports
Chairperson: Mr. Manuel Dengo (Costa Rica)
19. Concerns were expressed about the late submission of the report.
75. Spare parts, repairs and maintenance.
D. José Félix Olalla (Spain), Ministerio de Sanidad y Consumo, Madrid
III. REGIONAL AND INTER-REGIONAL CONSULTATION PROCESSES
This allowed for contradictory interpretations by the parties.
C. Organization of the work of future sessions 7 4
Action taken by the Preparatory Committee
c. Establishment of a United Nations Office in
IOE International Organization of Employers II
(a) United Nations Disengagement Observer Force;
There is an entrance for delegates only at GA-032A.
Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte [55]
It has not been able to establish any credibility.
Letter dated 14 May 1998 from the Permanent Representative
(f) First United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty
Master of Law (LL.M.), Harvard University, United States of America, 1982.
Letter dated 14 April 1998 from Mr. Aytuğ Plümer
United Nations standards of logistic support (Working Group report, para. 74)
FOR GENOCIDE AND OTHER SUCH VIOLATIONS COMMITTED IN THE
2. A number of factors determined the move to Brindisi.
If necessary, meetings will continue on 30 January 1998.
Article 16: Ships owned or operated by a State
E. Report of the Security Council to the General Assembly
(j) Appointment of the Under-Secretary-General for Internal Oversight Services.
Comprehensive data is now available on-line for traffic and other managers.
(b) Causing substantial damage to property or the environment;
40. ICAO – Committee, one hundred and fifty-eighth session
4. Additional requirements (1 less 2 and 3)
From 10-12 March 1997, the third regional conference was held in Havana.
Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations
III. The exercise of civil and political rights
1. Ship construction, equipment and seaworthiness
No new efforts have been undertaken to account for those still missing.
(a) List of Palestinians killed by troops or Israeli civilians
(d) Reinstatement of core Professional staff ($87,749);
UNEP technical cooperation trust funds (statement V.1)
DOCUMENTS BEFORE THE SUBSIDIARY BODY FOR SCIENTIFIC AND
Revised estimates Increase/decrease (Thousands of United States dollars)
National currency and unit of measure: 1,000,000 United States dollars
(Signed) Mr. Ahmad KAMAL (Signed) M. Ibra Deguene KA
21. Other air operations costs (per helicopter)
A revised manual should be completed no later than mid-1999;
The situation in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
16. Voluntary contributions in kind total $70,537.
Rapporteur: Mr. Hassan Kassem Najem (Lebanon)
2. Number and distribution of new permanent seats.
United Nations Disarmament Information Programme
It shall appoint the financial controller of the Agency.
Freedom of movement and population transfer
Those proposals are still under review in the Committee.
(b) Report of the Secretary-General (A/53/263).
Major appointments and tasks carried out during this period:
(c) Preparation of the National Conference on Reconstruction;
Grand Cross of the Gwanghwa Order of Merit for Diplomatic Service of Korea.
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 90.
Malaysia’s tariff will be 30 per cent or more for about one third of all peaks.
'Each State Party to the present Covenant undertakes:
B. Crimes against international law 19 — 26 8
Implementation of the programme of activities for the Decade
The subject of enterprise development has stimulated much donor interest.
Declaration of St. Petersbourg (banning certain projectiles)
The detainee had been held since August 1994.
International Court of Justice/UNITAR seminar
49. No provision is made under this heading.
CCPR/C/81/Add.13 Initial report of Israel
Such a partnership is being forged through the various boards.
(a) Report of the Secretary-General (A/51/950, Add.1 to 5 and Add.6*)
Paragraph 6.2 Delete the last three sentences of the paragraph.
Iraq also asserted that the data provided was incomplete.
UNCCD has been ratified by China in December 1996.
One session per year once the Convention enters into force
III. Institution-building and human rights monitoring
The representative of Kenya orally revised the draft resolu- tion.
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT AND INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC COOPERATION
programme budget for 1998-1999 for the Fund of the United Nations
The consumer cooperatives are governed by the law of 1959.
Racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerances
(ii) Catalysing Multi-source/Multi-channel Financing; and
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugeesg
(iv) Violation of the sanctity of Islamic holy places;
18. Support account for peacekeeping operations
The definitions contained in Article 1 of the Convention shall apply.
∙ Urban Management Programme Regional Office for Africa
Add special provision “280” in column (b3).
International drug control (Part IV section 15)
Community-based health programme – $5 million (***)/5 years
The alternatives were not described in detail in the submission received.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for the audit opinion.
Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean
The Committee then concluded its general discussion of the items.
The representatives of Zimbabwe and Nigeria also made statements.
74. Engineering Operations Officer (Europe and Latin America)
However, the scientific quality of the data is variable and not always known.
(a) Channels for Government-private sector dialogue
The Committee adopted, without a vote, the draft resolutions.
The announcements in this section are reproduced as received.
(c) Research and development on new generation city vehicles.
General and complete disarmament: small arms
Mr. Michael E. Sherifis Mr. Mario Jorge Yutzis
1 July-30 September 1995 (resolution 49/247)
Elections, nominations, confirmations and appointments [1]
and . (hereinafter called the Director-General) for the other part. WHEREAS
f Percentage over the life of the programme to 30 June 1998. Table 10
Annex II Supplementary information on significant variances
Ms. Corazon Alma G. De Leon (Philippines)**
He then withdrew draft resolutions A/C.2/52/L.13 and L.13/Rev.1.
At its fifty-first session, the Assembly reiterated its request.
Emplacement, rotation and repatriation of troops
Public management, economy and governance
Report of the Trade and Development Board on its thirteenth executive session
14. ICAO - Council, one hundred and fifty-seventh session
Addition, deletion, deferment or amendment of items
The need for a full replenishment was highlighted during the meeting.
(b) Economic and technical cooperation among developing countries
Proposals for changing the present action threshold could be also considered.
Progress report on research and systematic observation.
11. Write-off of losses of cash, receivables and property
III. Recommendation of the Second Committee
Due to the United Nations Office at Nairobi (Telecommunications bills) 666 578
This has become available for the expansion.
(Hans Förster) (Carlos Alfredo Magariños)
113. ICSC, fiftieth session [General Assembly resolution 3357 (XXIX)]
(Signed) Agis LOIZOU Chargé d'affaires a.i.
Includes monthly cost for diesel, oil and gas. Firewood
These amounts are not reflected in the financial statements.
B. Engaging civil and non-governmental organizations
G. Building local capacities for advocacy
1-Chloro-1,2,2,2-tetrafluoroethane (Refrigerant gas R 124)
Annexes I. Trust Fund for Participation in the UNFCCC Process 25
The following recommendations were adopted on issue 2:
Several new constitutions ensure the protection of minorities.
Reference services 37412 31779 L-201 dhlunsa@un.org
However, the promotion procedure is for the time being only a proposal.
D. Documents relating to the report of the Economic and Social Council
25. Alteration and renovation of premises.
27. Cooperation between the United Nations and the League of Arab States
ESTABLISHMENT OF A NUCLEAR-WEAPON-FREE ZONE IN SOUTH ASIA
Secretary-General 44 T Telecommunications services 76
Resource requirements for the conference servicing contingency (US$ thousand)
UNESCO United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization
Development Programme and of the United Nations Population Fund
3. Expected outcome and development impact ... 27
2. We bring you messages of anguish and pain from the victims of this outrage.
Western European and other States (Sweden)
Item 8 - Adoption of the report of the Commission
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
The planned and actual deployment of local staff are shown in annex III.
(c) Strengthening the technological infrastructure.
The Global Atmosphere Watch 3 GE.97-64630
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 145.
∙ Audits of the regional commissions (A/52/776, annex)
Table 6.2 Post requirements [new presentation]
RATIO OF HIGHEST QUINTILE INCOME TO LOWEST QUINTILE INCOME
Principle 49: Implementation of administrative measures
16. Proposal submitted by the Republic of Korea (A/AC.252/1998/WP.16)
Professional tape recorder, studio Loudspeakers
The detailed monthly deployment is shown in table 1.
(c) Draft resolutions (A/52/L.19/Rev.1, A/52/L.31).
III. Government-private sector interaction 14 - 43
– 32 cases involving drugs, of which 15 have been reviewed;
I spoke briefly about our efforts to improve good management.
The first draft of the document will be presented for discussion.
Most of these instruments prohibit the collective expulsion of aliens.
1. No provision is required under this heading.
Under the plan, Israel would also control the coastline of the Gaza Strip .
Former President, Chilean Antitrust Commission
This narrow donor base has remained unchanged for a number of years.
(c) Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of
WORKING GROUP ON DEFINITION OF WAR CRIMES
This has resulted in best practices being identified and disseminated.
The first POPs INC session is scheduled for 29 June to 3 July 1998.
The Committee considered the item in closed session.
The unit would also comprise four General Service posts.
Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations
(a) Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR)
7. Test environment for non-mainframe applications
The concluding plenary of COP 1 will take any decisions not previously adopted.
Table 2.3 Global Mechanism Operating Costs
stood at just over $200 million as follows: Dollars
Universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination
The Committee concurs with this recommendation (see paras. 17 and 18 below).
PROMOTION AND PROTECTION OF THE RIGHTS OF CHILDREN
Statement by the Under-Secretary for Economic and Social Affairs
United Nations common system [121] (A/52/30 and A/52/439)
Draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.20 was consequently withdrawn by its sponsors.
REPORT OF THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE TO INVESTIGATE ISRAELI PRACTICES
7. Integrated Management Information System
399. The Committee is aware of the geographical particularities of Mauritius.
Sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography
United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP)
128. Financing of the United Nations Operation in Somalia II.
STATEMENT BY THE UNCTAD SENIOR LEGAL ADVISOR ON NON-GOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZATIONS
The Chief Executive Officer shall also serve as Secretary of the Board.
Zhu Entao (China), Assistant Minister, Ministry of Public Security, Beijing
It is only a matter of time, and it will not drag on for too long.
Chapter V Summary and recommendation to the General Assembly
(c) Establish a clear and durable policy for fixing the out-of-area weights;
- Take any appropriate step to ensure or restore sufficient competition.
The responsibilities of the Division are as follows.
37. In this regard, the current situation is as follows:
Detained at Gikongoro, Rwanda, since 9 January 1995
19 United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 1063, p.265.
Sub—Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities
6. Provisional agenda for the third session of the Commission
The United States would like to keep it that way.
130. Reimbursement of value-added tax and other charges.
Headquarters military personnel accommodation
Programme 16. Economic development in Europe
Duties of the head of the Permanent Secretariat
Mr. John Vereker, Permanent Under Secretary at the British
Adaptation to climate change can be autonomous.
The representatives of Madagascar and Benin made statements.
UNCTAD attended 145 WTO meetings in the first 10 months of 1996.
Commission on Trade in Goods and Services, and Commodities
Effects of atomic radiation [84] (A/52/46, A/C.4/52/L.2)
Due to Foundation (statement XI) 1 738 488
(b) Development and transfer of technologies
IV. TRUST FUND FOR SUPPLEMENTARY ACTIVITIES
2. Human resource management issues in the resident coordinator system
The total budget of the programme amounts to $3,307,000.
The speaker will be Mr. Nick Ruskin, industrial relations lawyer.
Participation in manufacturer’s training courses.
Constitutional issues (legislative recommendation 1 and paras. 1-4)
(d) Operative paragraph 3, which had read:
2. Market access and entry conditions 76-86
The Chief of Staff continued to be a despised Rwandan Commander.
II. Consultations and exchange of information
(c) Adoption of the report on credentials
Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO)
Paragraph 26.6 (old) Replace paragraph 26.6 with the following:
10. Reports should be as concise as possible to facilitate their review.
11. Election-related supplies and services —
The Claimant alleges that even before it was forced to evacuate its embassy
49. UNU/INWEH began two communications activities during the year.
Occasionally ethnic factors are replaced by political ones.
The agenda was adopted without objection.
of any opinion whatsoever on the part of the Secretariat of the United Nations.
The Bretton Woods institutions have also been fully engaged in this process.
Financing of the United Nations Operation in Mozambique
WIPO World Intellectual Property Organization
(i) Refunds of expenditure charged to prior financial periods;
Recalling its resolution 52/38 J of 9 December 1997,
Action taken in the first quarter of 1996.
“(including molten metals, molten salts, etc.)”.
G. Networks of local monitoring and evaluation entities
59. No provision is required under this heading.
Activities under each of the subprogrammes are discussed below.
His exemplary contribution to the cause of refugees will not be forgotten.
28. Honorariums are not paid to members of WMO organs and subsidiary organs.
(b) Operative paragraph 8, which had read:
Representative of Turkey to the United Nations
of Lebanon to the United Nations addressed to the
Classified as chemical weapons, they cause burns and injuries.
Elimination of all forms of religious intolerance
9. Department for Development Support and Management Services
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/39 B), A/53/369.
10. The following States members of the Committee were represented:
III. Recommendations of the Third Committee
6.6.4.4 Specific requirements for fibreboard large packagings
In effect, many existing regulations and rules were repeated in the Code.
The representative of Spain also made a statement (see A/AC.109/SR.1487).
Many statistics on the spread of the Internet have been published.
50. At the same meeting, the Council adopted the draft resolution.
Convention on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property
Section III analyses trends in resource flows and their composition.
Implementation of General Assembly resolution 50/225
VI. Role and activities of the United Nations system: summary and conclusion
The list of speakers will be open beginning 29 October until 3 November 1997.
28-29 May Amman National Awareness Seminar in Jordan
(a) Report of the Secretary-General (A/52/313)
Report of the Security Council (A/52/2) [11].
LETTER DATED 5 SEPTEMBER 1996 FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE ECONOMIC
37. Implementation of comprehensive settlements.
IV. Action by the Commission and proceedings of the closing plenary 64 — 84
Report of the International Court of Justice (A/52/4) [13].
Rapporteur: Mr. Fayssal Mekdad (Syrian Arab Republic)
Apportionment: $125,518,200; expenditure: $114,548,400; variance: $10,969,800
The implementation of guaranteeing systems was particularly difficult.
Special Representative on the Situation of Human Rights in Rwanda
3. The expected output of the trade efficiency assessment 23
IAW International Alliance of Women XVI(I)
The Committee thus concluded consideration of agenda item 98 (f).
Legal matters: Implementation of the Headquarters Agreement.
(Signed) Seyyed Mohammad Khatami For Turkmenistan: (Signed) S. Niyazov
18. No provision is required under this heading.
B. Requirements for non-recurrent costs (demining activities)
If ice is used, the outer packaging or overpack should be leakproof.
Annex I TRUST FUND FOR PARTICIPATION IN THE UNFCCC PROCESS
largely as a result of the attitude of the States concerned.
The first of these aspects seems to have lost much of its salience.
EEC/LWS European Economic Community/Lutheran World Service
D. Living conditions of women and children
Provides secretarial and clerical support to the Technical Adviser.
a. The Prosector v. Jean-Paul Akayesu (ICTR-96-4-T)
The new nitrogen can promote the growth of algae and other organisms.
9. Operative paragraph 4 was adopted by a recorded vote of 143 to none.
liquid, flammable, 3/II 2.65 12.5.2 12.7.3 N. 12.22.2
72. No comments were made in respect of this paragraph.
(Signed) Mr. Michael John POWLES (Signed) Mr. Ole Peter KOLBY
(d) Increase resource flows to Africa, including foreign direct investment;
VI. Signature of a status-of-forces agreement
(j) Consolidation of peace through practical disarmament measures
Member of the Board of Management of the Meta Brewery, 1996.
Overcoming obstacles: the role of the international community
Expressing sympathy for the victims of such illegal acts,
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999 [116]
An export drive on the part of the Asian countries can also be expected.
However, some members remained skeptical.
GC.7/22 A. States from List A of document UNIDO/GC.1/3
The representative of the United States made a statement.
National currency and unit of measure: 100,000 pounds sterling
Mr. C. S. M. Mselle (United Republic of Tanzania)***
Decision on programme and funding projections.
10.1(b)(iii) [text unchanged, renumbered only].
Principle 5: Role of the extrajudicial commissions of inquiry
(g) Fund of the United Nations Environment Programme;
g See IAEA documents GOV/1454 and GOV/1475.
The African Institute intends to publish the study on its home page.
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
f Received from Cyprus, Kuwait, Luxembourg, Oman, Seychelles and Switzerland.
Expenditure for the period from 1 January to 8 March 1996 as at 30 June 1996
“A Partnership for Growth and Development”
(b) the estimated long-term rate of inflation used in computing the liability;
Trust Fund for the Fiftieth Anniversary of the United Nations
(b) Modalities of staffing the global mechanism.
At 1930 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the South.
II. Programme budget for the biennium 1998–1999
To what extent can their approach provide lessons for other countries?
STAFFING REQUIREMENTS FOR THE POST-KYOTO CONTINGENCY
Agenda of the substantive session of 1998
Cyprus to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
7. The first substantive session was held from 3 to 13 February 1998.
The report of the Subcommittee was issued as document A/AC.105/698.
United Nations Institute for Training and Research
24. Suggested improvements to the present practice:
Detailed analyses may be found in technical paper TP/1997/2.
Less: Decreased appropriation for the biennium 1996-1997 (resolution 51/222 A)
Unliquidated obligations are reflected in column 6.
He emphasized institutional cooperation between these conventions.
III. RECOMMENDATION OF THE FIFTH COMMITTEE
Local salaries reflect the scale currently applicable in the mission area.
19. No provision is required under this heading.
At the request of the United States, the draft resolution was put to the vote.
(iv) The institutional measures taken to implement the Convention;
The Programme has not replaced the Committee.
21. Alteration and renovation of premises.
(a) Appropriate [assistance], [support] and [encouragement]; and
— Establishment of roster of experts (ICCD/COP(1)/6)
UNHCR Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees
24. The Saami in Russia do not have their own official institutions.
60 A/AC.237/18 (Part II)/Add.1 and Corr.1, annex I.
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 50.
Days 1-3: Substantive discussions of issues on the agenda;
Assessed contributions received (see para. 28 of the report)
The full text of paragraphs 26 and 61 is annexed.
Table 1 Summary of expenditures by main object of expenditure
33. Measures to benefit the private sector.
Author of ca 150 publications in Poland and abroad.
9. Most of the detention centres are concentration camps.
(b) Supplies, services and operating costs34 400
82. Other regional and subregional organizations.
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/169 M), A/53/424.
They need urgent food and medical assistance.
Includes medical clinic and transportation workshop.
Executive Director of the World Food Programme
The spread of drugs such as ecstasy, methamphetamine and other ATS is alarming.
expenditure for peacekeeping operations for the
Development Programme and of the United Nations Population Fund
Emplacement, rotation and repatriation of troops
Letter dated 9 April 1998 from the Permanent Representative
No further work is foreseen, and the contractor has been notified accordingly.
Several concrete instances are documented in this report.
44. Spare parts, repairs and maintenance.
SUMMARY OF SCHEDULED MEETINGS Tuesday, 7 October 1997
(on macroeconomic policy questions: items 95(a)
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.30
The work in these groups is progressing steadily.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of agenda item 12.
(d) Business practices/trade facilitation 11
(g) Relationship between disarmament and development;
The Committee thus concluded consideration of item 150.
72. UNV continued to promote highly qualified women volunteers.
Rapporteur: Mr. Tammam Sulaiman (Syrian Arab Republic)
ISO 14001 should facilitate fulfilment of these aims.
I. GLOBALIZATION AND INCOME DISTRIBUTION 23 - 44 12
(g) Confinement in an unlighted cell for a long period of time.
International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources
Material for insertion in the Journal should be addressed to Room S-1138
3. Implementation of General Assembly resolution 52/214 B, paragraphs 24 and 25
Support to capacity-building for monitoring and evaluation is also relevant.
Scientific subjects lag five years behind those taught in Israeli schools.
After leaving Afghanistan, drug-trafficking routes rapidly branch and spread.
information system support consultancies (USD 41,000 for 6 work/months);
The Lecture will be followed by a question-and-answer period.
23. Proposed form of institutionalization:
The process for the formulation of the medium-term plan shall include:
A. Income distribution at the international level
Economic and Social Council agreed conclusions
(vi) Number of software packages supportedc
The report is being prepared by the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
UNESCO United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization
V. THE CASE OF SMALL AND MEDIUM-SIZED ENTERPRISES (SMEs) 55-61
36. The Asia and Middle East Division supports seven peacekeeping operations.
Implementation of programmed outputs by percentage
MONUA United Nations Observation Mission in Angola
I. Establishment, organization and activities of the Special Committee
The four projects were ended by UNDP in December 1997.
4. United Nations Decade of International Law (item 149):
(iii) Election of other officers of subsidiary bodies
19. No provision was made under this heading.
United Nations Mission for the referendum in Western Saharaa
SCHEDULED MEETINGS Friday, 31 October 1997
The observer for Palestine made a statement.
Costs under items 20 and 21 are to be borne by the United Nations.
1. Working Group on Contemporary Forms of Slavery
(c) Only accredited delegates of parties will participate.
Please rest assured that, on our side, we shall not spare our efforts to do so.
3. United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees
Operational activities for development [99]
The obligation to explore all possible alternatives
supervise any intersessional work in support of the CST;
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/52/L.16 and L.40
No provision was made under this heading.
101. Crime prevention and criminal justice
2. Draft report of the Committee (A/AC.154/ 1997/CRP.2)
Economic and social development in Western Asia (Part V, section 20)
These persons are imprisoned in regular facilities.
Chief, Engineering Section (P-4: one post)
Principle 35: Restrictions on the principle of the irremovability of judges
(a) In annex I, paragraph 15, the square brackets were removed;
All three contracts were awarded without invitation to bid.
United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti and the United
They can be contacted at the following address:
Strengthening of external oversight mechanisms
The Chairman of the Working Group is Mr. Volkan Vural of Turkey.
of Pakistan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
6.6.3.15.8 The internal and external examinations shall ensure that:
4. Experts nominated by the Parties shall ipso facto be included on the roster.
AND PROPOSALS FOR FUTURE ACTION (Agenda item 3)
(c) Statement in connection with Board decision 453 (XLV)
Such reports are standard practice in the industry.
Emergency response and relief, care and maintenance
Considerable attention was devoted to such issues as irregular migration.
of the Permanent Mission of Cyprus to the United Nations
. collecting and disseminating information;
Under this definition, three (3) conditions have to be met:
Provision is made in the amount of $29,000 for external audit services.
This includes information, training, and technical support.
Here lies, I believe, the true meaning of “communications culture”.
All interested delegations are invited to attend.
Letter dated 18 May 1998 from the Permanent Representative
11 Central Bureau of Statistics, Statistical Abstract of Israel, 1995 and 1992.
49. The Group was unable to adopt the proposal made by France.
The same can also be said of systematic violations of human rights.
26. Spare parts, repairs and maintenance.
Operating modalities of the Ministerial Conference
33. The working group met once on 19 February 1997.
Hearing of a representative of a Non-Self-Governing Territory: Guam
The follow-up project is being designed as a High Impact Programme aiming at:
1. Programme budget for the biennium 1996-1997 [115]
No incursions were reported in Jordan, Lebanon or the Syrian Arab Republic.
Engineering and Buildings Management Section
II. Report of the Secretary-General on the work of the Organization
18. Support account for peacekeeping operations —
We look forward to your Personal Envoy's visit to Pakistan next week.
Of which: developing countries’ total exports
(c) Loans from United States financial institutions.
B. Decisions taken on the recommendation of INCD
TD/B/COM.3/10 "Services infrastructure for development and Trade Efficiency"
FINANCING OF THE UNITED NATIONS OBSERVER MISSION IN GEORGIA
Improve working methods of Headquarters Committee on Contracts
B. Issues addressed by bilateral investment treaties
Mr. Pino Arlacchi, Under-Secretary-General, will address the panel.
(i) to continue to publish the CCD newsletter;
Special-purpose vehicles and engineering equipment
Please find annexed hereto an explanatory memorandum.
Statements by observers should conform to a somewhat shorter time limit.
53. The fate of women has not been ignored.
DPKO is attempting to recover these costs from the Governments involved.
