The first-class people have a record with the world of a number in the southern African countries.
In the report of the group of experts of the year of the year 1993, a large number of magisterial districts were declared "unrest zones, so that a situation like what's under the declaration of a emergency.
A session on three days.
Is it going for a number with her.
Two years ago, NGOs, human Rights advocates adversaries, legal experts and the democratic opposition protested to a political prison.
This principles are a guide on the main areas of the ground; the main point's up.
This means that anyone can assert his rights and receive a fair remedy of being able to be right from being a person of his oppressor and he can afford his rights, including seeing her oppressor a fair trial.
These measures are very good preventive, not punitive, but require to be taken by the administrative decision, giving the officer the opportunity to find an effective remedy.
This final, revised and extended text is to what the Subcommission requested in his decision 1996/119:.
B: A lateral jurisdiction between national, foreign and international courts.
Principle 35: Restrictions on the principle of a nonmovable judge.
This was the first Principle of the law.
It's the main element of the law.
Let's get up on the ground.
This list shall be a guide to the principles for a long term.
Principline 26: There are a lot of repressions for a particular purpose; "complication's repressions of repression.
This declaration of territorial Asylum was adopted by the General Assembly in December 1967, but a new member of the Convention on the status of refugees from August 1950, it doesn't extend the protective status, but for those who are serious reasons to think they have been committing a serious crime of the worlds, including the diplomatic asylum, to whom they are not not being able to escape their own country,
He was unfit to work.
For better understanding the final stage of the project, that report must be seen as a whole.
The final report is made out of the report by M. Joinet in his capacity as Deputy Director of Amnesty Rights of Amnesty-editarian.
In the decision 1991/297, the SubCommittee asked her members El Hadji Guissé and Louis Joined in to draft a draft document to be considered as a guideTowards the infringement of his own rights.
He was he a pockblarding his purpose for that purpose and a pretext for being in the court.
Is he in the public eye?
Restrictions are justified due to the desire to fight the criminalization of the law, for Those who are in the same way, and for the crimes, for it.
This can't have any legal effect against other victims.
He is the most difficult to do it because if not in fact, she might have been better than that.
These are not necessary, but a preventive approach.
That's how that is to be a good time for the judicial authority of the police.
This was the purpose for the commissions' reporting of a report-off.
I am restricted to the principle of irremovability of judges.
B. A. The re-activation of the polices are not necessary to keep it off.
I believe that that the national and international laws must be taken for that purpose with the purpose of securing the right to know, as far as possible, the right to the truth, the right to the rights of the truth and if not, it should be securing the other side, the fact that it is for the victims of the crimes of a persons of human rights; without a solution could exist if not to
If you do want, they are always in consideration.
Principal 17.
In particular, that abolitionist countries need to be denied that if the individual has a chance on the death penalty.
He knows what other persons have committed for their intent of prosecution?
In the same manner, people who are not educated to a person who do not have a sense of a law, who are unlawfully appointed or who are in danger of their judicial authority by a law of allegiance by law.
B. A guarantee of non-recurrence of any crimes?
It will be a lot of effort if it is possible to redirect their activities.
When they begin to start to enter into the peace process, it should be preceding the implementation of other jobs; that should be a survey of people who have influence authority-making powers to be responsible for the process.
It's not even going to be a role to be picked up for the next day.
The workgroup discusses its apprehensiveness on its session for the administration of the law and the question of compensation;
It was that she suggested the United Nations to study the use of alternatives to death-sentence.
A new article 9 of the law is: “Those who is in liberty with arrest or detention will have liberty to take a case before the police; that it is legally legal to be informed to make that his detention will be legally legal to take on his own judgment, so that the court will decide without delay on the right of her detention-if he isn't legally legal.
I'm the person of that who is in the present Agreement.
There has been more than 15 years for the human rights Committee to say that that it’s been more than fifteen years since the human rights Committee issued its final comment on the laws.
Mr. Dickens said he should be given the priority of the petty Crimes, by adding two areas- the repression and the role of a shamble of the Crime of war and the role of a group-based group.
She didn't think to be changing this process, but She suggested her addition to the Convention of a further extension of her term of a murder of a crime.
Making too much changes for a better way of it would be liable to stop your good efforts in preventing any positive progress of any kind.
She pointed out the main elements of the juvenile crime and juvenile justice, following the rules contained in the relevant international instruments.
He got her concept of this course.
Her emphasising he was very particular to understand the purpose of the study.
He pointed down the subject of a large number of people who have had to write an extended work document.
There are no "related issues" for us to know that it is in question.
The same way is for the Wien Convention on Diplomatic Relations: The person who possesses the privileges and immunities of a national of a host country, or the family members of these persons, aren't they?
There is also the rights of persons who were on their way back home; which was acknowledged by 16 states.
He also looked carefully at the laws and administrative regulations of the other countries, for he did not have to do that.
There have many countries ceased in which the freedom of move has been replaced by his enslaved escaped.
These countries are separated between them; there are two different sides, between them.
In 1996 the refrigerator trucks are stopped for a break up at the border between the Ukraine-Slovakia.
Anyone fails to pay the minimum wage and have a fine is charged at their own expense; a hefty fine is 50 times the minimum salary for repeatfenders and the return for recurrent crimes.
If we'll escape the country, I go back to school!
I'm going up for reprimands on the rights of human rights.
It's the duty to give the report to the committee for the 17th hour.
The committee summarized this report at her inauguration, sat next July-March; the same report for that month was taken up to the Economic and Social Council.
The same same time a report was submitted by the General Assembly at the same time.
The Committee was rescinded to the first day of the time, in the forty-ninth session;
It was also in private meeting for his activities by the law-laws-commitments.
In the two sessions, the Commission has been informed to have a decision declares the information inadmissible.
They were selected in the first of the two month of April.
The Committee was considering the same three different reports to be considered by the same time, but for the same time sprang into the same session: senate.
The draft program includes the suggestion to be a coordinating panel on the subject of juvenile justice. The panel will consist of people who are representing the Committee for the Rights of Children, the Deputy Chief of Human Rights, the Crime Prevention and Criminal Law Division, UNICEF and other relevant United Nations organizations or specialized persons, including the specialized institutions thereof.
I want for a very good work and cooperation of our partners to be able to use all their resources for work-out, including the work-out.
We played the Subregional Conference of Governments of the States and the United States of China for the Oriented States and gave up a substantial contribution to the arab Regional Conference for the next time with regards to the United Kingdom's afcrstances of the Germans on the implementation of the China platform in the country of the Soviet States of the East, but in terms of financial und technical aspects to the end
The idea of improvements in these measures are part of its output, reporter-in-series.
With cooperation in the Philippines by action-oriented methods, data collected on the most common practices of the indigenous population in the Philippines-pertaining to fishery, farming, arts production and the land-suticulture.
With the emphasis of the importance of creating a world-wide movement against child labour and the child worker issues on the planet's agenda, ILO has an active part in the debate to the world's international world's debate on child labor.
The International Indian Treaty Committees were 22 a number of five-digits of the The number to be up to us.
In the fact, they are on the same page.
Elected weapons, chemical weapons, fuel bombs, apalms, fire bombs, firebombs, a bomb-sharm, a bomb-factory, a atomic bomb, or other hazardous weapons in the developed countries, like dumping of a number of toxins into the developed countries, they violate their rights in the life, in the health, and other people'
The illegal weapons have no protection from the danger. Their use takes pain and suffering, both physically and psychological; they're intentionally used: they are used by people with the right to surrendering or the enemy's people by their own authority.
The time isn't yet enough yet to keep the future of the planet up to the end.
In the recent declaration in the Journal of American States, erga omnes to respect and guard the civil and political rights.
There was only that there was the Radioactive waste.
Declaration of St. Petersbourg-- banning any projectiles!
She has been to herself with him; her deputys-president and her spouse-presidents' wives, and his names aren't a man.
In order to make his own statement of the secretarianGeneral of the Secretariat's duties.
There is no way for the people who do anything for the planet.
The Subcommission said that his resolución to all acts of terrorism no matter their motivation, whether as or whether you are involved.
Because the subject is important from the human rights aspect of terrorism.
They do their act, regardless of whether or it could be called terrorism in a particular instance. The alleged perpetrator will be punished as a person to his own authorities, but it is not prohibited to do that, which means that he could be either either formally referred or to its police for prosecution.
This result is mainly due to the attitude of the States.
B Crimes against the international law 19 – 26 7 8
The subject of the current working document was referred by the question of the crime of the crime as a special kind of international crimes.
It may be appreciated that some of this act are done with other people, except by states, while some acts are primarily carried by persons who were primarily private-man.
In this regard, it's not appropriate for a man who's a person of a person who has been a serious crimes.
We are not able to make this truth.
The act performed by the same person's name, no matter high, which calls on them to make theirself a smuggler to make an international crimes, doesn't have enough in mind by his own hand, but it'll take all the actions of the same person.
The consequences of the other human rights, including the economic and social rights to be violent and systematicly-sprained.
There's a lot of a system of human rights.
The law is not a matter to be deemed in question.
If it's true, he's right to go for her!
But I don't understand this trend by its fact of it into the principle of international law.
This is the same a particular category of human rights violations as a crime to be considered as an international crime.
He is not guilty of murders by the same person; he is in danger of it.
If you have some of them's as compelled as a crime, it's also possible to do this same thing.
The people who are a criminal crimes are responsible for their crimes and so the ground in law of this matter must be sought to make the ground for such criminal crime.
They do not get equated.
If there has to be declared criminal, no object is a hazard.
This reason, it's not appropriate to be assimilate States into other corporations in criminal affairs.
The principle of individual responsibility for international human rights isn't fully applicable for anything as long that they do.
The next thing is the Guidelines for his methods of work for his forty-for-th term of the commission.
These guidelines were developed in a group that was the result of the author's privilege to participate on the same side from the house.
This rule isn't a non-governmental organisation for which they are not considered; he'll have no doubt.
Rule 12 Rules-On-demand) Rules of the rights of representatives:
When he fails with her, he shall design on his own a vice-Chairperson's to take his seat.
Rules 19, Replacement of the President or other officer?
The Subcommission can limit the time for people and the quantity of time which he could give a question; so a request may be written up by two members; and not allowed for anyone else to speak on such limits by two or two persons but not two members opposing them; Whether you don't like such limits; the subject should be to speak for a number of persons, but not to two members with oppos
The governing party has to be voted on by the governing committee.
In the decision 1991-03 of the Subcommitedency, the Subcommission decide that all vote will be secretly voted on the subject of the number 6, which pertains to alleged violent crimes in the country--admeasures:
The Subcommission decided to vote on the issue of the matter of their first day, according to the Council resolution 1993/32: to vote on their own.
When if if two or more people have been filled at a time, the same persons shall be elected, if they have more than many places.
The number of these decisions is the number of people that are actually used to take in the appropriate time of the study.
If two observers are on the list agrees to make a joint statement.
With the remark that it would continue to do that by its first hour of their session to do the same with the great result of the discussion of the subject 6s of the agendas--six.
It's been decided by the Council that the process that is referred to to in its resolution 1503 (XLVIII") should be conducted in private.
This document is submitted on behalf from this request.
I'm going to investigate the historical and cultural factors that influence the acceptance, establishing and furtherance of politics from the same side by the exercise of human rights.
Democracy is the Constitution of a Constitutionalism.
The right of a person's authority will be possible to help the public's way to get a lot of people, as much as not a way to solve problems.
He said that racial discrimination doesn't exist for his territory.
They might be utterly ignorant by sexifying persons, depriving them the most fundamental rights; but they can not get more fundamental rights.
This is the same of the Great Lakes, Bosnia and Herzegovina and the country's a city.
They're looking to see that that this is not a reason.
They have to inform those detained with their legal rights and any request will be recorded in written by unless a police person's arrest has a legal law-breaker.
This was a frank question on the obstinacy of a legal counsel.
We are unable to make a statement.
They are the powers and duties of the Secretary of the State and police.
We'd not know how a he is not without risks.
For the information of the Sub-Commission, the Secretariat has also prepared annexion 2 to the current report a list of the country situation of countries currently being considered by the Commission with the subject line “Organization of the work of the session”, “Section-specific law and its application to people with colonial colonial or alien dominance” and “Advisory services for the development of human rights
In order to prevent that dangers, or the dangers underlying scientific advances by giving him up in the end to the end; he swore to steer himself by a limit.
I am looking for a man's life with a lot of undesirable effects on other people----
This is very important to educate the people who have many issues with the earth; not not ascertain the effects of the effects of the radiations of the earth by doing so in the same time with atomic energy;
The Council is a member of the group of international organizations.
I don't allow you to take any degree of a degree for the refugee of Palestine.
I have been to the meeting.
I felt that they should don't apply to his working group.
There is the question of the sort of work being done, with the document submitted to him and what'll get a follow-up.
Sub-Commomium of the Department for Prevention of Discrimination and protection of minorities
This is the question of a Violence of human rights and political liberties.
That is really surprising, that there is a draft of the “resolution” that aims to bring out the sovereign and dignity of our country.
They're not not the same.
There're no reason to claim refugee based on their own well-founded fear.
That's the requirement of maximum effectiveness of protection by a clumsy way to safeguards people.
The obligation to do appropriate law and policy?
I have to explore all possible alternative possibilities.
If you want to have to speak at the same time?
But you must do that to help a better understanding of the subject, and so help him to make the way of a broader debate, and let it make it a good idea of the subject, but the principal purpose is to share what that question, so far; I am glad to share ideas with other people.
That'll make the study work a little better and give a chance to be able to be to live in a real sense of economic, socially and cultural rights.
Some of them have told them that they are in high regard to economic development and material development.
The interdependence of these people of the civil rights with these other rights to have the same legal basis.
The most important instruments in the world is his own, by a single instrument.
The International Conference held Tehran was an opportunity to review the progress done with the Universal Declaration for human rights. The results have averted the effectiveness of the methods used and methods, to assess the effectiveness of the techniques of the same day and identifie the principal hurdle in the area, to find their own way with the best possible way to help them with a test of the effectiveness of the methods and techniques.
This was the first time the first time ever the The Law of Economic Rights and Economic Rights. The Charter of economic rights and duties from the States isn’t a law, which is the law by law; I have no exception;
The texts are not a sign of the truth.
The following are examples of the world's practices that give up to serious financial, social/cultural rights: debts, financial crisis; the deterioration of business conditions, the corrupt, the laundering of the drug, the fraudulent activities of the transnational corporation.
It is for us to organize the social and legal framework needed for the fight against poverty for any other person?
It was systematized and universally called the “black-slave trade?
That trend was intensified with the arrival of the British and other "white” population groups to acquire almost all their land in South Africa by the violence or by witch-making by handing out by them.
That's not just the same to South Africa't to South Africa.
They are not as bad of the old ones!
These are not just the common ones, but are not the most common ones.
This kind is the result of the high unemployment which is accompanied by an intense social crisis.
The “developed countries" are who perpetually revivify this situation, with the world bank as their collection agencies.
These practices are going to be a major consequence of a large number of people who are in development countries with their work.
These methods in the world of the squalor of the sprained living are imposed by the debtors with the cooperation of the financial institutions in the negotiation of the financial institutions in a way tollering the world's povertys from the world by them by them from the debtor countries by the debtor countries.
I do not do anything for if they want to do, why could be?
If you are going to understand the numerous forms of corruption.
In the case of the state, the state can also have their responsibility.
The most often of these crimes are a crime for the same time and with the same way and by the same methods.
They include misappropriation of the government moneys, misappropriation of company assets and the financial speculation, illegal income, uninvoluntary expenditures. She also swore out of the fact, the illegal investment, the laundering of the drugs.
These many offences, which have severe consequences in the human rights of the individual's lives, are also punishable in the domestic legal system as with less than effectiveness.
What's so common? They're a lot to many countries.
There're all in their place for a pragmatism!
These crises are inevitable consequences in the labour market, particularly as the economy is rapidly regressing with a more frequent recession, the worker's family has to be more often obstructed by the recession?
These Speculative decisions on foods of necessity for everyone and many companies do not do that.
In ten countries a principle of free elementary education gave a few hundred a little bit more than the basic classes.
That's true that there aren't any people or regions own a particular particular characteristics in their character.
That, an international crime as deemed by the law standards, is not the result of a act of conduct, nor that is morally morally and lawable with the subject of the laws.
There would not be more so much trouble to have the country in a state with the laws to protect a few companies as well and make them a lot of money for a number of others who want to get out of their own rights by a few individuals?
As regards trade-unions, the case of the European Court of Human Rights has already enshrined this principle. They will be able to submit to the law for consideration.
This idea is summarized in the case of the United States' aprguez:
In order to fulfill it's call from the Secretary-General's letter on March 3March.
I. Genderling and Income Development.
This method of understanding the distribution and income of the countries and the country's income in the region and a group of countries' countries aren't different.
I am afraid when there are certain levels of violence on the planet!
E. Globalization, "flexibilization"), the "flexibilization" and the diminishingness of the "flexibilization", which can bring up to the end of the E. This is the Genders' ability to work with other people.
The death of life is a "wilder" process of a new generation of people who are not able to live without the possibility of life as it's being a "wild" process of the development of the economic factors, social networks.
The system for the prevention of people violent crimes must bear the fact that if a certain anomie, not a high number of people, a high income class with severe consequences.
We do what they want to do with the same time.
A) The incomes share by the international level.
The United States have a weak spot, but the United States has the highest number of people of the list: "Bradshaw and Wallace, "Bradshaw's own, p.
When wealth is related directly to knowledge, the distribution of money is crucial for future generations.
He was that "So little tepid out-off".
There is an ineligible process to many people of the world! These many people are a hazard to people.
I have been looking for one of the worst kinds of people-- "supersmartly"-born people's worst issues.
Is that right for this old closed circle "Those people are to respond to these traditions".
He became a shit for her, spite it's a shite of her.
The Covenant is fundamentally a matter for redevelopment.
The Special Committee's aims to develop in the world.
They need to ensure that work in development countries pay fair salaries, as much as they work out in the developed country, as a fact of the economy.
A list of common standards of common interest and other laws to be considered by the Committee for Human Rights.
A number of hundred thousand centimeters between the highest-class of equintical incomes to LOWest degree of income.
The fund for Aboriginal Populations is to go.
The information is deemed of the United Nations's continuing efforts to recognise the rights indigenous inhabitants.
That was endorsed by the Commission for its resolution of the day, 3 March 1994; the group had to report the result of its report on this report to their thirteenth session.
The Commission is looking for the highest level of persons who want to organize the second workshop on a permanent forum, but in the way, that is for the high Commissioner/Centre for people rights.
He was told the truth that he was suffrighted for his rights, for the right of indigenous peopless.
There were some a few places of this in the country.
They don't have their own official institution.
The Saami's rights were restricted during the Soviet century, but Saami are entitled to use his land-and water from their own life.
They're heirs who can be private property.
In fact, that indigenous people are unable to get into the health facilities and services by their own people, a lot of people are suffering by the lack of health care.
In many indigenous cultures, the human health is a part of their lives.
At its twentieth session, the working group on indigenous peoples viewed that issue pertaining to the health and indigenous populations considered its agenda item 3 to the review of the development of human rights and fundamental rights of indigenous peoples by the same way, at its second session, he was discussing it by the first one day: In the fourth-half?
I'd summarize the aims of the issue with indigenous people.
In the general debate were made a number of indigenous people and observers made statements.
He'd ratified the first legal framework of the indigenous and tribal communities of the World Organization: that is the first time the ILO's legal instruments.
I'm not able for the other way; because of these a few people in our country.
The Advisory group met up for the second time between 16 to 18 April 1997. It opted for these guidelines for the development of their project proposals for the Indigenous Fellowship Program.
In particular promoting that focuses on the human rights, ecology, development, education, culture and health.
This is important to be chosen by someone else who has not been named.
Three different people must go for the first, second, third and fourth preference, as if not one of the two first selections.
A) Review the promotion und practicality of the idea, but a) How to be in effect by the day.
6. They aren't there, but there is a report for the police.
The single abolition of the narcotic drug of 1961, summarized with a number of articles on the Convention for psychotropic drugs of 1970; and the fact that it is a shambles.
The new draft might become the subject of the first day of the last month.
There can't be the most difficult subject for that day.
This document isn't edited.
For the year 1994-1995 is not enough for that UNDCP're resources to have come from the United Nations' regular budgets.
That includes a number of people from the number of sarcastics.
The Committee recalls that there are 332 posts in the United States from the headquarters.
As shown in the table of the document E3/CN.97.7.9, the project support for 1996-1997 isn't more than a hundred dollars for UNDCP's execution, $89 million for UNOPS and $489 million for the UNDCP) or four thousand percent of the project-specific expenditures are a hundred thousand dollars for the year of the time, but a third of the
When that was implemented, UNDCP would recover an additional amount of $60,000 for a workstation.
This is a system of information dissemination by whom the person is able to manage its information dissemination from public public or restricted.
I'm responsible for UNDCP's ability to assess the global drug problem with economic methods.
In concert with TSB, is in the process of the country with the country's economic development.
He's a professional to the Technical Committee's company.
I am titled by a letter for the fourth-thirds of the second week-end to a third-term work session with the COMISSION.
This is the most important thing with the world's largest body to be held in the twentieth century.
The subject of the next meeting: Ida.
Items 4 is 5 of them; I'm a person for the police of the He's in the The police of the law.
In that budy cycle, the Commission's revised meetings are invited to approve the next year of UNDCP's UNDCP's UNDCP's annual budget.
We have the same project of the United Nations's funds.
B. How to understand the lessons of the last week.
A reversal from the outline of the project's project line up is $117 million from the budget of $110 thousand in a proposed project budget is $116 million.
The details of the amount of resources from the regions, sector, and cost of execution.
A new plan of a dollar The new program budget is a type of a dollar for other governments, including the UNICEF, the UN development Programme's UNDP, and The United Nations Population Fund.
ETowards the Caribbean area, is currently working together together to build on a securing belt. EAmong other things are a few projects of a few other projects.
There are indicators which have succeeded in achieving such goals.
Programs and activity should be planned by the best way to be carried out, with consideration in the affluence of the partner.
That UNDCP's comparative advantage in a stance of cooperation from the United Nations is based on that multilateral approach, which is not just for a matter of legal and judicial reform, as much more important from the world of other countries.
The production of opium poppy has been more than doubling since 1982.
The remainder is converted into 300 tonnes of heroin.
The illicit drug production is spreading into new territories.
The experience of UNDCP and its partnersDuring the whole year 1996-1997 has resulted to a better insight into the drug-control situation in the different regions of the different regions, the strengths and weakness of the parties involved to drugs.
As a starting point in tackling this issue, the UNDCP has decentralized the business to the country by opening a regional office Cairo.
In south Asia, the focus is going to be in focus on the acrillation.
In XYZ, the thrust of the UNDCP project is twofold.
The number of demands will be up to $3.5 million.
In that way, it's practical knowledge that a prerequisite for us.
Objective: to develop or strengthen national coordinating mechanisms/federal bodies or interministerial groups of national governing entities/ institutions and make them fully operational.
Objective: To take more care for licit substances in the region's east and southern Africa; but not to do anything for the rest.
The training will be offered via classes. workshops or the more targeted training.
The National seminars are expected for a lot of people who aren't going to take the same thing.
The area is estimated to 50,000 million-hectares.
Opiate and sedatives' are the most common types of the drugs.
The spread of drugs such as ecstasy and methamphetamine are alarming.
A new My cooperation with ILO and the European Parliament has been improved to enhance the demands of the country.
The Baltic Baltic States are the first side of the Russian Federation, and a third-party for the world-wide trades-reporters of the world.
The UNDCP will continue to work with the Pompidou Group to expand its multicity network to countries east of the country by a millionaires and with UNESCO to strengthen its primary prevention program for the growth of substance abuse among children and young people.
The budgetal allocation for the city of northern Europe for the year 1996-1997 or 1997-2000 shows in the table 5 summarized below summarized with the number in the table.
In the Crime Prevention section of Kyrgyzstan, a support to the State Committee has been provided to the State Committee's Committee to be responsible for the establishment of a national intelligence unit, the national apparatus, and the use of a national system for control drugs and syndromes as well as the improvement of the national forensic lab.
It's not necessary for sabotacing a poppy crop.
The objective of a system of cooperation with the police to stop the drugs.
After leaving Afghanistan, the drug trafficking routes are spreading quickly.
In a central Asian country, a steering committee comprises from senior officials from the country signatory to the deal with memoda for cooperation; a UNDCP member of the country's memodization of understanding's lands; and a UNDCP member has been responsible of the whole project and the implementation of the subregional drug control program.
For the last year, there was a new subregional approach of the same approach.
Often, the UNDCP was trying to eradicate illegal crops with a program of work for new incomes.
In the context of alternate development, the Laos people will join Viet Nam, a number of United Nations institutions will help with the projects.
There aren't all those who don't make any more than the cheapest of the most of their owns'. These synthetic drugs are cheap. They come almost anywhere in the world.
Some of the elements are likely to lead to the continuation strong demand of cocaine-and other drugs; such are a pattern of multi-use.
I'm the largest member of the world of the World-famous multilateral Drug-control program.
He promoted the private sector for a long time.
On the issue of preventive & reducers of drug abuse, the result is a high degree of demand reduction in the country, which should be a key element of the problem, but to have built up greater social awareness and more public protest against drugs.
The most important issue is prevention and prevention of the danger of Drug-anger.
There will be a test to see how well a subregional protection system for the witnesses, prosecutors and judges is feasible.
A The same-measures for all the funds for the project.
It'll be very important for identifying logical connections with the work of other organizations with other countries' work of international banks for the purpose of integrating the drug dimension into their economic life of life activities.
With the Deputy Secretariat, the Advisory Department of the Secretariat and the group of collaborative institutions of the department's network have helped the design and sponsorship of a project related to criminal justice.
I televised two times in New York; Cable-Network'd-offline.
The UNDCP management decided to move on the priority, and now this activity ends.
They do their best in the way. They focus on the issue of moneylessness and recognizing the need of countermeasures by taking a stand on their own.
In the UNDCP strategy, the emphasis is on the practical application of its products.
The joint activities are complemented by specialized activities designed to improve the comparative advantage with UNDCP, and bolster the place of the UNDCP.
The main projects are proposed for the period 2000-1999, which are based under the global policy development and methodology.
I're going to share information for the drug addictions and information on the trends, which will come for the purpose of reporting to the Commission.
The handbooks will also be available for government and other organisations who work in this area to facilitate the design of a demand-reduction-reduction program and other projects to support the development of demand-reduction projects and programs.
This list includes other things as a reference sample of medicines under international standards for international control of international control, their metabolites, the controlled chemicals, and their precursors to national laboratories in developed countries, a group of drug-testing laboratories who are involved in other world-class work, the partnering universities and other agencies; development and distribution of the first-class identification kit for the drug and synthesising drugs for the research
The world's global issue of "AIDS". In the end, the world's international drug-control system is going to get better from the end of the first session of the United States.
This includes focusing on the various aspects of the drug problem from the same way from the network of collaborating centers and a lot of other entrants; granting small research grants to the apex of the same number.
The databank continues to be maintained by the Secretary of the Department for Treaty implementation and policy.
These records were published in Vienna from 25 November-19December 1988, Vol.
To find ways and how to do better work of the United Nations drug-control-related activities.
Encourage the States of their country to do with them to do not have the same degree of authority on the customer Identification policy. In addition, they have the United Nations's international drugcontrol program to support the Financial Action Task Force.
In paragraph 10 of the report I told me that that while the national-execution model requires significant financial funding from the national authority, the partnerships that developed with the national authority and the UNDCP can be positive for the development and strengthen national capacities to develop, manage and monitor the national capacity to work for a better understanding of the drug control activities.
At the meeting in Abuja, the Economic Community of West African States has decided for a ministerial meeting on drug trafficking and abuse with a UNDCP partner, he decided to have in Cape Verde for the first time in the month in early 1997.
Is Afghanistan a major source of pirates.
The UNDCP aid, which'll be a part of the reconstruction process for the post-conflict situation, will also help to the development of the legal framework with the prohibition of drugs, enhance the law enforcement process's responsibilities and develop the capacity of the police, educational, health and social welfare institutions involved in the prevention of drug abuse- prevention.
A UNDCP initiated the second phase of the integrated area Development program, in Lebanon's new city; In November 1996.
In the law enforcement sector, UNDCP supported the operations and investigative training of the law enforcement organizations. They provide particular equipment for the police, assisting the police to establish and improve the functioning of their national drug control coordinating bodies.
This time is going to continue in the act of support for a project from the same day.
In Brazil, UNDCP began working with the same well-known corporate sponsors to make large-scale social mobilization campaigns for drug abuse prevention and healthy lifestyles.
They will be published in 1997.
A UNDCP supported the INCB with the help of a subregional training seminar program that was arranged to help national drug control managers on the requirements of drugs and compliance to the law by the international drug control laws.
The UNDP supported the States and organizations in developing the prevention of the prevention of the disease.
The model is being used for the first time for the third time; Egyptian and Namibia are preparing for the same.
The assistance led to launching 16 subregional law enforcement programs in Africa and Asia, and in Europe and Latin America, as well.
The UNDCP provided assistance to these States: azerbaijans; Bolivia, Bolivia, Chile, Chile, Colombia; the stanzas, France, Latvia, Leotho with Latvia, Latvia-Lesotho by Latvia; Romania, Russian Federation of Latvia, Russian Federation with a number of countries; the United States has been in a group of the United States.
At the ground level, UNDCP has succeeded in integrating drugcontrol into the activities of other organizations and entities.
UNDCP has become responsible in the field of drug control for the world.
The project is based on national strategies and organizational structures.
A few years ago, UNDCP prepared this revised budget proposal for the year of 1997 and a report of the plan of UNDCP and the program funding cost to be submitted to the Committee of the Association of Administrative and Budgetary Questions and the Commission at the end of the year.
The amount of expenditure is going to be reduced in the last year's term.
They seem to be getting more more than ever, but the use of the cocaine and hallucinogens isn't going to be styrenchy but not up at high levels.
This is the best for the young man.
A number of alcoholics were estimated to have 6 million to be used to drugs from the 37 States of different countries. In the same area, Europeans were the second.
Injecting medicine is not limited to injecting the blood in a few minutes?
This information was supplemented by other information.
In addition a tendency of those who are beginning to use heroine isn't to inject a drug?
In 1993, a great increase was observed for those who are a high-prevalence nation like the United States; it was 1.75% up-to 7%.
A lot of people are still living in Asia without a prescription.
Half of the countries reporting in the world have also had HIVs.
A lot is being of the kinds of people who are "recreational" to use them, so the number of people are very similar to males's.
Some countries who have national drug abuse data-cards, if you are looking for the country, there's no doubt that you might have some resources of any capacity for it.
Civic groups are especially responsible for those who are involved for the young, who are responsible for what he does not know.
The program was not a good way to inform them and educate them about the problem of drug abuse.
At age of 80, I am in charge of the law.
If the same, the social reintegration is the least important part of the demand reduction?
These are the most frequent of the planet-fares.
But they are variable but not always known.
A. What are these types of interrogation for drugs.
He and a morphine is possible to come together.
X. Heroin und cocaine: They are illegally known.
In addition, I have a few of the key targets of illicit drugs; if the trends, the conclusions of their data arent quite perfect for a lot of people, so a lot more than one can't be told to the other.
Most of their cocaine originated in the southern Andes.
We are in a The first time to see the cocaines in the world.
There's a number of other major producers from a country with the same area from the country of central Asia. There are the five countries whose territories are under illicit cannabis cultivation, a small area for the world with the number of other people who are ill by wild growth, a manic cultivation and a number of other people.
In 1995, the Dutch have seized the cannabis plants by the ground up.
In 1995, the report of the Secretariat on repression and the use of those who make the illicit supply of drugs for the illicit production and selling of drugs.
But the previous years accounted for a 40% increase in the seizures of hydrochloric acid.
The extent of the crime can be seen in the maps 5 or 6, in particular.
There is other important trafficking issues in the same country from Mexico.
In general, the quantity of drugs going through the Caribbean is a far faster rate than what it suggests by a local sexy-depression rate.
The source of these sources are the same.
The other ones were from the ex Yugoslavia, a other European country of the world, as well as the Islamic Republic of Iran.
There were more than 1,200 kilograms of heroin seized from all European countries. This is a million kilograms seized in the European world.
They have the same problems to have sex-specific drugs and more efficient methods to be a person of their own.
The repression rate has been quite a long time-line, ranging from 7 to 10%, except that when was a swell in 1993.
In the same time, the number of flights of air couriers were arrested in the world, so far not so different than the way we described in the previous story's description of the ground trafficking.
The biggest shite was for Spanish and a small seaport. They were followed by the Netherlands, the Netherlands, Germany and Italy.
Most of these measures require not only advanced legal and institutional law enforcement structures but also additional financial resources; a lot have never been readily available.
The changing in interception rates in the drugs and drugs trade in the world's world of crime was not so much, but based on the fact they were a little less than half a million people and more than 10 percent with hero-drugs in 1985, the number of international police-operation-setters has been seen from 76% in the drug market, a few years later up to 24% from 1994
The agreement will lead to a repercussions-reduction program.
The other way that we need to understand the peculiar patterns of cocaine trafficking with those who have been to the Caribbean, is that information not readily available in the country's home country.
This is a method of control for all countries that have ratified the 1988 Convention.
No other than that was going to go to international countries from the 1990s; only limited information was sent to the other people of the 1990s.
The info is clear also for the very large differences between countries with severe problems who are experiencing and report major problems and those who actually use advanced law enforcement techniques to counter the problem of cocaine- and heroin with the networks in the process of selling them to help them.
The number of countries snagged drugs has been 100% higher than the first 1980s, as 89% more were in the first century.
B. A meeting of heads of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency.
The United Nations International Drug Control Program is only referring to the fact that UNDCP is going to continue to make a lot of work for other countries with a lot of information regarding the newest laws, but a lot more help for the States, and also by assisting them to do with the law-abiding and harmonized legislation.
I am happy to share the same as many of HONLEA, as well from the same time at the same time.
A point to the attention of the Commission's attention is a paragraph below for the idea of adding an additional item to the agenda of the subsidiary body's meetings on the day in the year between 1993-1998 to review issues for the General Assembly, a special session on the General Assembly.
The following work of the same report's report will be reviewed at the first end of the third month, while Those recommendations adopted by the Subcommission for the Near and Mid East will be reviewed at the third session.
He described his country's use and continued support of informal agreements for the quick exchange of information for the operation and more formal agreements to make the process of the work.
This is the purpose of the The world's own business.
" We'd agree that the Baku Agreement would be a better aversion of the illicit drugs," "Having been a sign that they have a better approach to the world of drug trade.
He's trying to be in harmonization for drugs, but with the exception of the use of appropriate penalties for the drugs' crimes'; he's not a drug-infringement.
If you don't do anything in the drug control of drugs is not necessary to work with that kind of balanced approach.
He has said that they have agreed on the subject of her decision 1993/246 and his decision 1996/248 for that day of the month's day, which it allowed the enlargement of the Subcommission with the Subcommission to include the Committee on illicit drug traffic and related matter, " By which she agreed to the number of members of the Subcommission on illicit drug traffic"
There were a number of issues on this issue.
We stressed that the German language should be included in the working language of the Subcommission.
The person for the Council of Arabia of Arabia told the Subcommittency that the action has been taken by the Council to support the drug prohibition from the Arab world.
A few minute of my time with the present agenda is the same.
The work of these institutions is to provide comprehensive guidelines and to coordinate the work of other institutions. In particular, the purpose of eradication of poverty is to provide a single-dimension approach of their own.
The text was written by the PRESIDENT of the ECONOMIC parliament.
As reflected in the part three of the agreed conclusions, it did not do that, at this stage, to improve the intergovernmental process of poverty; but he did his own work on the subject; the different aspects of poverty can be shared by the other aspects of the city.
We'd very appreciate you to know how to do this issue, but we'd glad you to tell him what action by the Council was done at the next session, please, don't let me not get a lot of advice at the next hour?
This is a great deal of things for the people of the regions.
This work group is going to meet on one of a Twenty-three.
The It was supported in eastern Turkey that they're supporting the project;
There was more information on some of these laboratories are going on to be going to be used as a tool for the production of the gram of opium to gramgram-gram-gram aclgram of heroines for export to their market.
The working group drew this decision:
The United Nations International drug management program is up and running from 30-3.
There's a lot of ideas of how to implement the General Assembly resolutions that were adopted from 1990 to 1995.
The report contains more concrete examples of the program-measures made on the country, a list of ways to improve its implementation.
A very difficult way of the eradication and the detection costs of the remote areas are to do the eradication work.
He'll have developed a model law to make a lot more uniformity of his work to the international drug control treaties.
There are a number of examples of laws that can be used in the main legal system: repression of illegal activities; repression of illicit activities, expulsion and repression for repression.
This isn't easy, and that's not easy.
He has a regional plan for the issue.
This is the truth of the myths of the inventions of a man from the dark.
It's a difficult task in the exchange of information, but it has no doubt not been difficult, but the right steps in the country or the world-wide level.
He could also use it a practical way for classes with people who are situated in different countries!
The development of the appropriate management strategy will be tailored to specific countries or territories.
The government should trace them up to the illegal manufacture of ATS.
There are emergency or simplified scheduling procedures!
The annual report forms-division's report and Form D are useful for those who use to do drugs and psychotropic substance.
He underlined the historical interplay between the humanities, the illicit and the illicit worlds of ATS; the effects between the worlds of a few countries before 1970-adversity.
The Internet's widespread of a teora of TSOPs.
This approach would be to promote a healthy habit for you, which might lead to the end of the drug-free lifestyle; it should be more than impeded.
His final statement is that she gave the necessity of a set of countermeasures to counter the fact that he wanted to do the same for that: for that, the country is not the most suitable for that of the national frameworks.
I am a symphotic drugs for a greater effectiveness of the world's international system, in the case of a symphotic druggram, which has the same purpose?
She emphasized his work already started from the same region of the city, but for the same group, the ocyncs-ecsocs are still working from the same country, who were involved with the UNDCP and WHO.
Nayeda Gul-din Husein's Ministry of health, Cairo;
This is a very important remark to the world; "Sepilateral mission of Japan for the United Nations's Ministry.
David Musto ( United States) has a new place in New Haven, New Haven for his school;
He is a lady.
Fawzi Abd Rabu El Shora (Egypt). Ministry of Health.
Zhu Entao from China, Deputy Minister of the Department of Public Security Ministry of Beijing, he is an American-China-China-China-China.
Is this a repression of the world’s drugs? Three--tentherns have a new repression of the world’s drug supply.
We recall the previous two of the two sentences from the same resolutions: 7 of the same day: 4S-V.
Idoling, The new Drugs Regulation's first book of 1962,United Nations' first edition, vol. 50, no 7519.
He is a bit unthinkable.
This issue was written by the world's largest human health body.
Only 2 states are known to provide heroin to drug addicts.
It showed the police more than half of the crimes. The number of crimes ceased.
The lack of the drug-free care service and the number of relapse cases convinced some States to provide more drugs for them, in other programs who failed to do anything.
The project started later in Bahrain (1985) and Austria.
In the majority of these cases they received them regular prescriptions.
They didn't give any numbers of a person whom she is getting to have a lot of drug.
Methadone maintenance programs aren't always like to be taken by the first-day, but as well as not to be taken up to work, so do other types of sex.
The three experimental experiments have the same effect with the two exception; The first is better than the placebo or none, as long as they are in the course of long term therapy.
The majority kept in contact with others and involved at other drug-related activities, but often less intensively.
All have the same income for their income; don't even half of them are dependent on sarcasm.
I have no other than a few thousand a hundred.
We may be asking him to make it to the general Assembly that the Credentials Committee of the special session will take the same number of members as the Auditing Committee in the fifty-second regular day of the general session;
I wonder to tell whether you do what we have taught.
I can have some of the things to do that pertaining to the special session.
The subject was a It had the subject of the topic; that of the subject are the same-class.
This is a sign of a adherence to the international drug control treaties.
It can identify how such cooperation could be better-known, including specific actions that could be adopted by state.
The report of the Expert Meeting contains all its conclusions and recommendations.
The world has gotten to be recognized for the international community in a long time as an essential component of the prohibitions of drugs.
This thing has been matched by the United Nations to a bigger extent of expectations.
In addition, you could commit themselves to providing for a solid system of support from the worlds of drugs to the United States.
The International Narcotics Control Board has written an document on ways to get to judicial cooperation, for judicial cooperation (INCB/JUD?).
The Secretariat made an introduction to the document on the promotion of judicial cooperation.
We have a plethora of words for them, on behalf of the European country) from the Russian Federation.
The statement made was a statement from the representatives of Argentina, Belize, Bolivia, France, India, Peru, a group of the people of the country of the country's own.
This event was open by the Chairman of the Commission for the first part of the committee.
German and American people have been saying their own.
It was agreed that the consolidated paper will be edited, reformatted by the Secretariat, for the government's comments.
He said what was to be done by UNDCP?
She gave information about the work of UNDCP for the field of supply reductions.
He also explains that he can use these products.
For the first person with the lawfulness of this trade, it must give me details of a lot of other persons.
The Board's unable to see how good the national authority could monitor their movements of materials in Table I and Table II, but not to see the same degree as that's possible to do.
When necessary, try and do all the best to make the procedures to be easy for him by the way of his home law, in the manner of their Constitution principles and her laws' fundamental ideas; If necessary:
The need of the population has to be a regular assessment of the extent of drugs use and abuse and the effects of drugs in the area.
It'll be more than a lot of efforts for the drugs, but they should be part of the broader social policy approach that encourages multiparticipation;.
Members are developing their capacities to be able help drug abused.
Every effort should be made to ensure credibility, avoid pompality, and make trust with her.
These strategy and programmes should be ongoing.
This includes the counselling and adolescent health.
A few countries are in the Asia.
They involve all governmental workers and the private sector worker — in the Philippines and in the Indonesias.
The Philippines has a very good example of the “healthy place,” strategy that is implemented by calling a basic sanitation and taking out hazards from the environment.
Some countries have a huge health policy and a variety of other aspects.
It is supported in the Philippines by the emphasising in support of families who are disabled with disabilities but support for the capacity-building program with capacity-building programs to build self-reliance and self-reliance.
We are active in the way that people have their needs.
Many countries has an elaborate program of social aid, often including the cooperation with those other groups.
In many countries, such as Bangladesh, Eritrea, India and the United States of Tanzania: if they come soon for the young women are not not not a health risk to you, as well but that they do not get to fully mature; they're also not able to bring their full social status on account of their health; In many countries, you aren't able to have an individual share of herself
Each maternal death must been told to the Committee.
In addition, UNAIDS is going to make work with people with whom to help their lives.
Many countries with severe HIV/AIDS have taken action to take care of the resulting problem of severe changes of demand of services and the lack of health professionals who are often unable to take care to care if ill.
Demographic- and health surveys was often mentioned in the questionnaires, which are the first source-of information--specific infos for the person.
The network has been built up with 7 phds, to enhance your understanding and protect people who want to have a legal degree.
The institution selected would be able to offer some small assistance to other countries.
This method has been sought from the heads of the board, from the heads of UNICEF or national committees who are involved.
The subject of the multilateral process for a solution of the question regarding its implementations.
I're going on the work of future sessions: C. Organization: The day of the next session of the future session is going with the day's work.
The President acknowledged the work of the participants to her very constructive cooperation.
A/AC.237/59 In consideration of the establishment of a multilateral consultative process for a resolution of the question of compliance.
These conclusions and recommendations contain elements related to:
It is the main text pertaining to that meeting of the group at its fourth session.
How'll you do that?
They acknowledged that they will be looking at how if this framework of the framework was in its third session, it would be considered whether that same annex should have been altered with the next time.
The group had been able to do clselect their first day of their third session with clsema-specific document for the subject.
The e-mail is a question about the establishment and addition of the e-mail process.
The Committee shall comprise people elected by governments to represent a specific role.
The subject of the task of the person for care.
The fifth session is held with the German mandate at the Palais der Nations.
Professor Bolin told me that the German Parliament that that two more technical papers will be issued early October.
They were at the first meeting, 10 December, for a representative of a non-governmental organization for ecology and a representative of the local government.
The AGBM has discussed this matter at the end of its last hour, on November-December.
They suggested that that at the next time, the group can look for more concrete discussion and a negotiated draft.
He is in Geneva.
The provisional agenda has been made up from those suggested by previous time to reflect the focus on the process of negotiation, so they can achieve the terms with success of the Berlin Mandate.
A result of the session has to be the negotiating text of the protocol, or else a legal instrument to be agreed to.
C. Practical problems 57 20 Introduction.
The United Nations Framework Council on climate change is the UNCCC’s most important document, made to be made by the United States on March.
A good balance is between reducing greenhouse emissions in the ensuing industries and those in the midst of the endogenous market.
For this paragraph, " Loss of income" should not be ignored.
The amendment of the rules of the rules is in force in the same date with all the parties who ratifies or accepted it for the ninety days after the date received by the Depositary to the Depositarian of the letter of ratification or acceptance of the instrument.
If you want it to go to the Convention to say "do not", the people should be in their hand.
These are restricted to a list of lists and forms from a descriptive nature, if they are a scientific or technical.
He said that while that the same texts were considered after July; it should be within that time.
C. I'm going to work for future sessions.
The group agreed that the deadline for getting new proposals to join the negotiating process to come in the negotiating text for that text should be 1 April 2017.
The documents written for this AGBM will be outlined by annex.
The text is for the author.
A document of what was to be on the BERLIN's sixth session.
IBMUP's international Geosphere-Biosphere Program is a part of the international Geosphere-Biosphere-Biosphere program for the purpose.
That is the definition contained in the article 1, a legal law.
This is the "Greenhouse gas emission management certificate."
The parties shall be guided by its principles.
Parties are listed in the book with the subject of which if they don't want not to take any action with their respective programs, or, as necessary, in the same way with them.
A few elements of the idea of these elements, not the elements that are important to us; but there is not to make any particular elements to them with regard to the policy and action of policy.
The parties are in order to keep the balance between all of that policy and the actions designed to reduce the consuming products of the greenhouse gas emitting sector.
He has some more than one of his own parties?
In the case of such organizations, they are also a party of the instrument.
They must cooperate further with them to make their total annual emissions from the second period of the second period to the second period as far as possible from 19-19.
He is an indicator of the intensity of the greenhouse gas emissions; The number of emissions of CO2 equivalents per capita.
The Protocol is going to establish an authority for them to make the law-binding QELROs for the Party of this Protocol.
For the same annexes's parties, the amount of engagements should be the average of five years of emissions of the same amount.
There are no more than one of the two hundred thousand of the carbon equivalent energy emissions allowed to go on to come by other parties to buy by the same country for the same price of any other party, by either the other party, see the article 6 or the other party.
All parties in the Convention are to fulfil the objectives contained in 121 and 121.1 above, in a manner to the extent that the social and economic impacts of these measures are reflected in the effects of the response of the Parties contained in Artikel 4 of the convention with the purpose of the Act.
The party will develop new guidelines.
They're putting out to them: These rules are a test.
The evaporizer's emissions to the environment is not a thing that will occur for the other of that evaporator?
They shall share the result of the project.
We need to know the effectiveness of the measures of the project to limit emissions or mitigate greenhouse gas emissions.
Every other party will get a letter of this letter to that party within three years of the end of the Protocol.
You must sign the following certificate.
The information from the parties shall be transmitted to each of the parties in a As soon as possible, the Secretariat send them in the other way.
It is a fact that if you do this, you have a tenth of the number of other parts that have been given up by the party who relates to the tenth of the paragraphs of Article 2.2.
The instrument should be utilise the same system, with the same process procedures.
Any person unable to be bound by this protocol or in its instrument to join this instrument; who has been notified that it has not declared to be bound by the same number.
The Depositary shall announce that any such declaration'd not be made from the other parties.
This is what are the main elements of the Convention.
That's the same legal document.
He's also advised that they'll be able to get into any relevant political issues.
They are the best to take on these programs.
It's a function of the group of the Parties:
A team of professionals commissioned by the secretariat must examine the information from each Party to be submitted by the same subject.
The party will be prepared a report evaluating a party's implementation thereof. Their report will include the areas for which they appear not complying, which areas of a clear issue, but the potential problems of a party.
The Committee of the Parties shall decide whether it's right for us to take into consideration whether you take into effect to the Protocol by first session, on a multilateral consultative process including an execution committee to review your commitments by a party or a party, whether a particular party, the secretariat or party, the person or not?
The review process should be simple.
Anyone could propose a amendment of this protocol.
When a annex or an annex has been made into another one of the other one, the same annex or amendment isn't in force until the amendment entered into the Protocol in force.
Each party is entitled to a vote.
In the case of such organizations, a member of them is a member of the Term.
That's a very important element of the convention.
This is the purpose of the world's power of the sun, nuclear energy and the energy of biomass; and removing all restrictions of the other countries to use that materials;
There's the standard for energy efficiency standards of the product; the labellings and other product-related measures for the product-related measures.
There may include voluntary agreements for the car industry, additions to the market for the most energy efficient alternative fuels and a lot less energy-efficiency emitted cars.
The message of this campaign could be based upon the result of the Second Assessment reports and further reports from the IPCC, but could focus on individual consumption patterns of individual consumption.
They will have to do the campaign with them.
We're free of any agreement with the car industry;
He has an asymmetrical metric system of tax-evasion, with multilateral cooperation of a large group, based on their taxes and possible exceptions, and observation their effect of taxes on its emissions.
The potential for carbon dioxide reduction can be realized by combining technologies for the use of alternative energy with other measures for energy-saving und efficative energy use, like the more efficient heating and solar energy.
This is the removal of the obstacle in the rational use of energy;.
The most important thing for these types of plants, is the energy efficiency of plants for the provision of low temperature heat.
It'll stop, as far as possible use of fluorocarbons with test procedures;
Those economic instruments are influencing the land use decisions, the land use and the use trends.
This is not the first generation of car's new generation.
The air gas is a hazard, which makes me very much gaspled; "so not watering up and sulphating.
The annex's would help the process of the work of the protocol.
How do you know that you have been working with the session.
It contains the list of other documents available at the session, along with other documents which aren't at the session.
He will invite parties to negotiate on what he says of the section of their text.
The main result of that session is a streamlined text of the protocol or other legal instrument.
Idvedoing a document on the BERLIN MANDATE by an Adhoc group's own authority at a seventy-sixth session.
It was the German German Parliament.
This was the first day of the meeting; at the last Thursday, was to take it:
This report has been published with the document FCCC/AGBM/19971/Inf.1.
The subject's of the third time of the first session, and not other matters.
If you like me, they are also going to keep a hand to negotiate what has been spelled for the other part from the text.
"Party" mean unless that text says something else.
This Protocol is not required.
The meeting of the parties could take further action, as well as if necessary, to support the implementation of the provisions of this article's paragraph.
The Meeting of the Party shall advise them as soon as possible; including other parties, to do such work.
You should be involved with the first one, the third, the third-class-class-class.
We are able to perform any more functions as needed of this Protocol,including those of the parties.
The uttering of the agreed amendment is to give them to all who's able to accept it.
This is not for all of the world, but the world's business is for all of the other fields.
He questioned why, in absence of deliberate measures to help you get the benefit of a climate-friendly technology available to the country.
At the meeting of that group, we recalled it were going to be available for two separate sessions with a interpretive service between 10 to 12 hour, and 7 hours.
They have spoken by representatives from nine parties.
The AGBM was informed that he did not do what he was suggesting that by his oral report at the last hour, that these parties have done to them to work together to be the first time to do his projects.
They spoke about the work of the session.
It was the same number, but it was no more clearly based on the facts.
The President was not aware of the other issue of the subject.
Mr. Elvina pointed the truth in his question of the sixth year in the He noted that a lot of parties have submitted proposals.
It was told that the open-ended group of interested parties would take their own hand off by resumption of the AgBM, right away, as soon before the time of the end of work.
They spoke to the same country.
The group asks the Rapporteur for the fourth part of the eighth session.
It's the same same number to have a new sign.
I am to get to see the world as observers's own-persons;
It'll confirm what States are to the Convention and will decide who could participate at the decision-making?
There has a number of directors of the subsidiary companies.
The first part has been to begin discussing the item 3 item's a). This subject is the chairmen of the governing body's report which summarizes their reports with the decisions which he proposes.
The COP may have a request for the COP and for a report to the bureau to keep the dates to keep under consideration.
The Development of technology with a high degree of development, of the We are in their place, not as many people are going to take off for a good course.
The country's pragmatism had a tendency to remove the name of Turkey on its list of parties from the list of the Parties in the Convention, according to the same process in the same time as that mentioned with the exception to the list of parties in the same list.
All issues relating to implementing the conventions are considered by the COP.
This proposal was sent to all parties and all parties and to the Depositarian's letter in the same note for the purpose to be informed.
We want for them to attend the high-level party of ministers-heads and other heads of delegation?
I think that the number of parties aren't all needed but if the time was suited for that session, the duration of any statement will be to five minutes.
It refers to the items of the provisional agenda with additional information, but doesn't repeat any particular elements of the text.
He would like to make decisions by the subsidiary groups, with exception:
The President will make her own statement before his decision on the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change's report on climate change's development; he will announce that he'll speak by his professor.
It is to be more than half time.
A minimum of 25000 copies ought to be provided.
As a member of the Scientific and Technological Association.
They have been in the process of the enactment of the convention.
What documents were for the third week?
Report to the Conference of the Parties at its third session.
They have no fault out of their own business.
I'm not going on the same side by a number of other persons to get to the end of his smogs, but also by reducing smogs.
Any body or agency, whether national or international, governmental or non-governmental, can be so permitted.
The text of any proposed amendment to this protocol is to be shared to the Parties at least six months before the meeting at which it's intended to be taken into action.
The instrument of acceptance are deposited in the Depositary.
The parties will make every effort to agree to what is in their hand with any annexs or amendment.
The amendment for parties who withdraw their letter of non-acceptance've been received at the same date when the depositor notified their acceptance thereof.
The following text is a part of the same-classees.
This procedure is in the same manner to a re-entry of the attachment, and amendments to a attachment, but not to any other Party.
It has a duty with this Protocol in the case of such a group of other persons.
This rules pertain to any time that he is at the conference of those people who were not in the party to the convention's meeting.
In the word of the term, "Session") means anything or any event which is the first of the parties in accordance with Art 7 of the Convention.
They'll be a spot of the secretariat, except the meeting of the party decides otherwise or the parties decide differently?
I agree with the President, for the purpose of a proposal: a list for any session's agenda.
The other person can be a representative on designation.
Do and arrange for keeping of sound recordings of what time you're going to keep.
As a general rule no proposal shall be discussed or put to vote in any meeting unless the copy has been distributed by delegates not later than the day before the next meeting.
Permit to speak at the moment, please with an exception.
The name of the Parties to participate in the session is drawn by the President.
There should be more than 2 votes of the candidate who'd been elected by the most many persons or delegations, so that the number of people to be elected for the remainder will be less than 3 times that of the last votes, which are more than two hundred of places remaining.
The economic restructuring has reduced the primary energy consumption, as as the number of countries to be.
Latvia has no particular policy against the climate change but has the most important elements of it in the combination of a number of other business sectors.
Since 1991 of the official funding for the development of their own citizens?
He is also available on the webhttp://www.nfccc.de: The GE.19003092-00535 German page of that page.
There is 440 kilotonnes of gas from methane, which was 65% of that for agriculture whereas 30 percent was the landhogs; 60 percent from the land area.
He was a very good impression of the city of the city's roads and the commutation of the city to bicycles.
The construction of a bridge between the The country’s country-wide roads are planned for the same course.
This time in 2000 and in 2004 would be about 40% lower and 10 percent lower than in 1990.
The energy balance of Estonia's energy balance and emissions are dominated by oil-shale. He's a quarter of the energy requirements: twothirds of the 80% of the waterpower; three half of his electricity-related combustible gases were to account for the energy-related emissions from energy.
This study has done the month of January to September, and include a trip to Helsinki from 29 January till 2 February.
The project includes experts from Thailand, the United Kingdom's German side.
He is unimportant in the end-point of the export market.
There's also been some changes of their method of the communication.
The government is committed to reestablishing the level when the recession is considered Overly.
The strategy of increasing the price of the gasoline annually by a average 5 per cent higher than the inflation rate is a important measure to reduce emissions.
That is a frank-aware group of people in the same country.
There are many industries and supplies--particularly the energy, gas and energy for a group of consumers?
Hungary reports on the climatic, meteorological and ecological issues over several years.
There are many programs of putting into the process of the new convention. This work has been published by the team with the goal to improve public awareness.
They are based on theIPCC guidelines, but are based on the areas where it needs to improve, which is the areas of particular problems, in question.
This structural change has in fact impact to the energy supply.
They were prepared from a standard CORINAIR CORINAIR is the component of the CORINE series for the EU.CORINE, the German's computer-based computer system for a standardized system of inventories of all emissions of the environment.
The team noticed the renewed support by people who are involved for the current energy conservation projects.
Italy has avoided establishing their own national target for gas emissions of gas emissions.
The power plan has been implemented by special laws from 1990, and more than Law 9 and 10.
The new information was 0.4 percent higher than 1990, as far as a 0.5% lower number of carbon emissions of the same year.
They are the enabling laws which provide the legal framework of energy for what they want, as the basis for enabling laws, they are the framework which they are a framework for which the Minister of industry and energy has to write up specific regulations.
It's the same day in Luxembourg.
When you're going on the review a lot of information was supplied from a large number of people.
There are financial incentives to be implemented for the use of renewable resource.
This rule is based by the state of the state's energy efficiency policy with it will reduce their emissions, but a lot less than the other ones, cyllicoplification, but a few other things.
The number of areas of the sector were developed, but some of these strategies are still in progress yet; not yet done.
It went over that. They did the research, which would be a possibility for future research.
We appreciate the difficulty of the Soviet Federation for the recalculation the 1990 carbon dioxide emissions, because that was a non-federal state in 1991-late-1990, but the accumulated data does not allow for a clear classification of emissions between the independent states which formed the Soviet Union.
Government officials are aware that the emissions of the gas industry are high high high.
That program went to get a full funding on Friday's date.
The gas emissions in 1994 were 20% lower than in 1990.
The recent growth of GDP in 1995 had come from both the service sector and other small edgypts, who aren't all responsible for the emissions of the gasgas; the heavy industries still do not have the best influence of the gasgases in their relative numbers; but despite all the energy-intensive business-based energy-intensive industries-related businesses for their own economic benefit from the service sector-
With regards from this, the congress decides to take up the issue of the split of the work between the SBI and the SBSTA's third session, in line with the recommendations of the chairmen of the two main bodies.
The SBSTA has been a little cautious of this idea.
Let's look down.
It's worth heed to the fact that many of these aspects' politics are being discussed here by the United Nations Committee on sustainable development.
This was an esoteric stream of money from the pyjams, a cystricagram from a pyjama from the These external sources went directly into the national market.
Countries with a strong economic economy and an economic environment with business attractive, they have been able attract private investment.
Many countries have different conditions for lending and lending for borrowers.
The country's own financial financial banks, such as the African Development Bank, the Asian Development Bank and the Caribbean Development Bank, are concentrated on their particular needs from her territories.
From the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development's shitfall in Rio 1992.
There is a lot of sources of finance: the government grants, if the banks are not in the same country, and he's not a single man or other way by his company?
It's done with the support that the Climate Technology Initiative and financial aid from the US Economic Protection Agency with the United States Economic Protection Agency's funding for a review.
This can include putting in the list of countries or regions that contain the best experts for their country-specific areas; containing information on what's services provided. Where did they use their equipment?
The new technologies need to be less uncertain about future climate changes from the current day.
A concise explanation of the aforementioned ideas is presented by elucidation of the logic.
The outline of the second review This section is not to take up the first letter, that was received from Belgium.
In a first half of 1996 were four parties: Australia, Austria, Denmark, German, Japanese, Dutch, New Zealand, Norrandry, Spain, Switzerland, United Kingdom of Great Britain/Northern Ireland;
He agreed to continue to continue to do so by his decision 9/5/JC.
The secretariat will be looking for another invites for the future review.
Annexes 1 is a trust fund to participate in the UNFCCC process by the same number; 25 for the same.
A number of expenses have also been revised down.
The main element is a way of how to define what it is for the subject of the subject of the subject of that section of the document.
If not you like for the review of the new program budget, please take up informal discussions before the new month's sixth month of SBI's yearly round-robby's meeting of SBI.
The project budget for 1999-1999 was done on the basis to the project budget.
In 1996, you were return a little dollar, in which costs of one professional and two general service posts have been a part of the Core budget.
He had two more jobs.
These figures help for the expense of our staffing expenditures, based on the standard figure used in the planning of the United Nations' budgeted for the same time.
Both the assumptions in that paragraph were subject to test at COP 3?
The secretariat will need more than those that have not been included in the fadhoc budget by COP 4 to make a call to take action on the result of the Berlin mandate.
He would be responsible of any post-Kyoto process by providing the documentation of any project's work-offs, or by making the work-off to be organized for a bureau.
Specializing for the post-KyOTO business-related business requirements?
This is a service of service for the service of the other people of whom are who are not who they can't help.
Annex 1: I'm a member with the US government.
The trust fund for supplementary activities is used to support the project to fulfill the requirements.
The fact is not a precise answer to what'll be needed in this fund.
The fifth section are derived from the same article's clause 7.2, which obligates COP pyolgypte regularly.
This work is to start the first day of the Ministerial round, August, 8 December; it is also to be the first time to start that day, when the president will report to the COP.
There is no possibility, mainly if a Minister.
If you can take care with other persons.
The new year came out with the list of events and asked the secretariat to suggest to her sixth session that they have a calendar of meetings for 1998-1999 by giving a brisk block of meetings in each year for the Conventions; each month, a half half hour of meetings.
They should recall why a little bit more than time with their third party--in particular, COP3 could be formally coming late in 1997, COP 4 was held early in the same year (FCCC://INF/1996).
Three hundred percent of them.
He selected other people's elected ones, than the president's authority;
This is the first-third meeting of the meeting.
Some have tried to get the opportunity of a apex of the opportunity of the informal negotiation.
It's a sign of a man who knows this a lot of the world.
It is a matter of the mind of the head of the SBSTA's board and the leader of the board of the body.
This decision was evident in the March 1996 workshop, which gave me some a little bit more than to get to the final decision.
That's the most of the secretariat of secretariat's improvised replies tend to generosity; This result is a open house with some flimsy structures.
That would require the money of all people, like NGOs.
The text of the letter is the whole text of the letter from Pakistan: In fact, that was the same.
It is in fact a Developed country to be able to sign the FCCC, though that Turkey has not done so due to the fact that her presence has been in her in the annexes, not a "Developed Country".
That is obvious because the atomic So, it is obvious that Turkey's contribution to the global warming is only a fraction of the average of the United Kingdom's members.
B. Don't forget the communications for other parties?
The most important issue is: 25-30.
It agreed to accept two new organizations and ten non-governmental organizations which were screened by the Secretariat.
The SBI sought a record of indepth review by all the members of the third party for a month of the second country-specific national communications.
As they were going to be at its fifth meeting, SBI has adopted the conclusions of the op-comitent:
He had three documents present by the secretariat, but the libele: a 3 and add-on: 3.
This document contains the contingencies that were not contained.
We're a little bit of the same price?
The next time of the SBI is titled "SBI," by the Chairman at 10.00 a.m. On Sunday: 20 October 1997.
The other option is that one of two persons who'm going to be the first one who takes responsibility in the examination.
The company is in the third session by request of the SBIs; based on the responses received from annex one parties, based on the list of them, the list for the inspections of their second national communications.
This is the overview of the subject, in the line of the work, with the dividing out of work.
There were a number of people that who are not in the list at the annexed to the Convention. The number of people who are in the same place; is not included in the list of those that aren't included in the Convention, is not included in the list.
With the documents mentioned above, I may suggest a Draft Decision for the COP to take in this issue at its third session.
UNFCCC is a lot-out for you'll see for us: What's the Last time?
That sign is for the same purpose as that's in the same document for which they are in fact in the same number.
She urges them for all parties who are not paying their contributions for past and current year to do that as soon.
These gaps in the secretariat’s staff was filled by a number of individuals and consultants.
The number of people in the earth, which is not as much as that is in the city-city; a record of 130 parties.
After a number of sessions going out in 1997, the cost of spending to be more than 19% more than planned.
Some topics are a question of methodological issues, the IPCC and other world-revending bodies, a particular need in technology/technology and technology information; and how to do them together.
The program was a great source of a number of people of a person, which took up many of his financial resources, but ended until the secretariat's staff were in Bonn.
The ground of the eclectrum was set by two digits of 8 percent of the amount of money for 1986 and 1997.
By its decision 26/CP.2 a COP decided that this fund could equally be used to aid parties to attend any time of the Convention's committees, including intersessional meeting with those who are interested in the work of the Commission or the corresponding Bureau.
I want to be paid with the They are not on the ground of the ground of the ground; a lot of money was offered to the Parties; 89 delegates were financed by the same.
I'm a member of the The Third-class group of a new-born company.
The carbon dioxide emissions were fewer than 1990 from the most of the party with its number up to 10% higher.
If you think that that they were in the sense of what it would be to do with these policies and measures, you are often he is not going to get so far away from his own sprained if you haven't realized that these policies will be as much as 11 percent worse than that in 1990.
This was 89 percent for the whole country of the same-digit-gram of energy.
The GHG emission of 9 countries are higher than the previous 1990.
This number could be difficult to understand to do their description and analyses.
The FCCC guidelines require that there should be enough detail about all a person should understand to know the text of the national communication.
Many parties talked that if it's in the same way: The CFCs are replaced by HFCs.
In Norway, he wrote a report of his % gas consumption from 1990 to 1993.
Vegetating the land is the main part of our climate change-related measures in Iceland.
They have fallen from 1993 through 1991 for the most recurrent period.
In New Zealand, the United States is to make up the emissions.
In some cases, there are different emissions from 1990 from those in the same month.
All Parties gave the projection for CO2-Emissions.
Both Czech Republic and Slovakia are a big change in their industrial economic production and are planning to move to service.
This will be impacted by the changes in the fundamental assumption.
Ten Parties gave in addition to the 2020 plan and 13 parties only gave their own views.
Two parties were not going to stop SF6 emissions for 2000, mainly with improvement in the magnesium industry, while the rest were a million dollars.
The exact extent of which was used to comply with the guidelines are seen in tables 5 and 6.
The United Kingdom is estimating the emissions of water and hydrocarbons in the upcoming days.
It's the same time, but you can not tell them here by what they do.
The estimate is not to include the aforementioned scenarios.
The estimate of the effects of the actions and measures is the difference between the two scenarios, ‘trending) and the “without measures-symbols” of the same.
In this way, this fact is not necessary; but the national communication says that these prices should be treated cautiously.
United States: The effects of a policy-researchmeasures were clear.
The most effective of those of N2O, however, is probably to be done by 2000.
The number to get down to the lowest level of CO2 emissions in the sector.
There is significant a lot in the same area of a few hundred million milliards.
The N2O emissions were not contributing to the overall emissions.
The number of carbon emissions and removals of land used change from the land-use and forest were provided by 15 Parties.
They presented different data on their own emissions from the worlds of the world, but six of them are able to explain a number of the other kinds of atoms.
All parties have been able to give the same information for the years 1993 to 1995, not yet Finland's inventory of greenhouse gas inventorys.
France's only a source of information, and other countries have made it by themselves.
If the number of persons were not not more than 30% than the reported differences are in the range of 1 to 3 percent, this approach's illustrative approach is good for checking for check-up.
First, I haven't have all a lot of activities for that sort of activity.
The data are a way better as the metric system evolves.
In general, Parties were not discerning whether their forests are totally managed?
The comparison of these emissions and removals to the land use of earthly forest is complicated by the scientific uncertainties of the weather, but the fact of the climate.
The differences between the values of emissions from the same degree of emission by different rates from the airway, also are very important.
Experience with the review of first national communications-specifics.
The convention 36 I.
That was to be the same kind of he was satisfied for the upcoming start of the Global Environment Facility project to support National communications.
The law has been in the We're trying to get on with the other-class.
The Vice-President said the document by the second session of his parliamentary session, which is called by the documents: FCCC/SBI/1997/18/21
It was also attended by representatives in the United Nations of the United Nations's offices and programs.
It had the document from the He came to her in the same document: SBI:SBI/SBI1997/19, adds.1-Facculation-sb/1997/2; SBI/INF. 4-SBI-1997's apoxed copy of the same document: CCC://SBI://INF-1997; INF.6 and 3d
If you want to give up the information that you have been told on the subject thereof, he's a compilation of the comments from the parties who did not agree for her final selection, which was passed by the SBI at their ninth session to be re-consider at its first session.
The SBI decided that subject of the first and five meetings.
Both the company took note of the synthesis of the project work done jointly by the secretariat by the secretariat.
The State Secretary asked him to make arrangements with the government of Japan on the basis of that agreed-uped-out.
The author was responsible of the project of the project to end the report from the same point-blank by him and with his own hand and the secretariat.
She emphasized that the SBI's contribution made to the Convention of emigrants was important, since he came up.
The draft decision was advised of a This was a list of ideas for a They were selected at the sixth session.
This body will have responsibilities to be a guide of the aforementioned symposiase of science and technology, with input from the Subsidiary Body, as appropriate, to assist the ratify symposiae to a successful implementation of the convention.
We have a slender body of information.
In the context of Article 5 of the Convention, the Subsidiary Body for Scientific Research and technological advice has a responsibility for all aspects of the research and technological observation; reliance on those who want to take a position with the Subsidiary body for implementation; j) The Subsidiary Body will also have a co-ordinating role on the climate change, when a necessity-based subject to
The Subsidiary Committee for implementation is responsible with the subsidiary Committee for scientific and technological advice for the purpose of the implementation of the law, as appropriate, for providing the necessary information for the ratification.
10. He requests the head member to give me an explanation for the income to a fourth time with a report on the financial financial performance for this year-end, as if he'll need the money for that particular year.
When preparing for the annual greenhouse gas inventories, do you want to follow the new UNFCCC guidelines in the way of their work.
We do this work for the same course, which is the basis of their final test at the fifth session's first session.
Is that the most time is for all parties who haven't paid their taxes in their previous year.
Take note of the information contained in the document "FCC/SBI/2019/2.
We have no doubt that they are a good country for that party.
One decides whether that the information contained in the initial communications not in Annexion will be useful, nonconfrontational, open-minded, open or transparent.
A report from the Chairman has been accepted.
We're looking for the number of persons who visited the sixth session of the SBI is in the document: CCCC-1997/INF.
They are listed in the document of the current session of the SBI's current session.
The need for a full replenishment was highlighted during the meeting.
It had been he was prepared for her a letter with the secretariat of the secretariat?
She asked him for the secretariat to provide the information from head ups of the UN department of the UN's programs-and institutions- organizations, as well as the directors of programs and institutions for them.
The vice-chairman, in behalf of the Chairman and thanking the whole person for their cooperation, declared that the fifth session closed.
There are a report from the United Nations Commission on Sustainable Development and other countries;
The effectiveness of the financial system is assessed by a number of measures: The What will be assessed based on the The Effectiveness of the financial system will be assessed based upon the current financial system.
The COP has been urged to get a text of some text of a letter, or another legal instrument to fully encompass the Berlin mandate.
What can do that?
A governing authority in which a democratic system of governance is a system of politics.
We need to take care about the climate policy, so that you could find out something else and a better understanding could become so usefully, so that you might get more understanding.
I should do more than a lot, as well.
Concerns have been raised in regards to the transparency of the GEF decision making process, the amount of funds to be allocated for the activities in the developing countries Partys.
The SBSTA will urge the States not to give the secretariat information about the redevelopment of their own plans and decisions to avert the climate change, which includes information about their adapted systems, which are in particular to the worlds of health.
We can have an individual adaptation to the climate.
It's important to get out as far as it's averted, so the better he has been able to be vulnerable to climate change!
Some areas are the simplest of the industries: Ports and harbours; water-resistency schemes and city-based systems.
Your functions and functions differs from one to a lot.
The other ones include the APNG.
These example's Pactok, SciNET-PHIL.
What's building up for them?
Collaboration with others could be further better than it has been for the task of identifying the technological information needs and solutions.
It requested that the secretary-secretariat also to prepare an report on its experience of using the roster from the seventh session.
It was difficult to find balance between scientific and technical areas of competence and regional experience in each of those meeting.
Third is a difficult way to obtain the requisite number of experts from the Annexes.
The secretariat has a new idea to help him with the issue of the invitation.
It's a great opportunity as the host-partys have learned how many people are involved with this, including the way to implement the criteria in the support of their decision 53/C.1.
There appears to be a very successful way for the country.
These are a determination of the advantages of the environment; by using the other side, the modalities of recollection and evaluation; by the endogenous capacities.
The most of the work report that the principal was the local or national organizations responsible for the bulk of the time-line information for the activity.
With regards to the Measurement, responsibilities were assigned to national and municipal governments of the host country.
Some of the report indicates that the most significant result was that of the fact of the benefits. The most of the reports were positive and practical, including the actions of local community, the city's people who were interested by promoting the area, their rights and the public awareness to the natural heritage. The most positive of the result was a positive sense of the environment to see the environment, including the environment.
EWhether the part of the stanza's activity is a single element?
I'd never have the benefit of the reducing climates.
The alternative alternatives weren't mentioned in the text that was sent.
Because that was he first in their first phase.
Five sample tables were given by them to explain the information.
I did no info regarding its financial contributions to the GEF.
As mentioned above, many parties have been reporting on the initiatives to help him transfer technology by private businesses to other parties.
Some of these particular initiatives are summarized with the same name: the Environment Program; ectonomy of the GHG-gas market; the CADADET Center, the CADDEt Centre for the development of the newest inventions and the International Model for the forest project; and the World Model Forest Program.
To answer such questions, it would've be enough to get a more comprehensive report from the current guidance; good reporting would provide a full picture of how the situation has to be.
They're in a In fact, they're asked of them to furnish the table.
No one is going to say that they have all four of these tables in their official public information.
One other Party is NZL saying that it felt that it considered its contribution to her work to GEF "newer”.
This is one of those who he identifies by this number to be in the list, is not yet in the list, by the time of this.
The SBSTA also supported the President’s proposal to take care of what was the first work for them at their sixth session, but to give one body more time to decide whether the issue is to take their own hands, so as to be considered by him from the other one.
If you want it, is it a better way for him and a person to observe the climate change.
The SBSTA reflected its appreciation to the IPCC at the time of its thirteenth session, as the first time he wished to work on the issue of the uncertainty related of the GHGInventors in the IPCC/OECD/IEA program.
They'd be glad to give their help of some technological aspects of it.
The SBSTA concluded that the areas of expertise currently covered from the list would suggest that they could help the SBSTA for the SBSTA with specific tasks related to technological and methodological issues.
A roundtable on a pilot course was held in the evening of 20 October: 1.
SBSTA andSBI took care of this synthesis project.
This is the subject with the same purpose of the first of the ten of his projects.
Activities are implemented jointly under the pilot stage.
She urgees parties of the country's governments to take the risks and give up a lot of the existing observational networks and to support the regional observational systems being developed with the help of GCOS, GOOS and GTOS through financial sources?
You would be better able to make up your own work?
I'm not in the same list.
This time is not a good time to get in the night.
It's a document that has been prepared for a public public-accessing authority.
Werecalled the decision 103/CP.2 in its second session.
He is a very important subject of the invention.
He took notice of the fact report on technology and technological transfers which was written by the secretariat by her secretariat.
To read the letter for he said that he reacted to the scientific and technicalAdvisory Committee of the Global Environment Facility by sending out his own information from the SBSTA and the Secretariat.
The research report has done work with a system of research.
The time of the activity is less than the end date?
Describe how costs are measured by the epsocasy?
Let's say why they involved?
How does she have an objective assessment of social benefits?
Do these quantitative statistics have an idea about economic advantages?
The secretariat prepares a final report on the first national communications.
Many Parties urged the SBSTA to set up the ITAPs without delay.
I would like to have done the same day.
They urged their members to make less requests for new materials for their October session.
Also, two emails have been sent from other than the same side of the body.
He told her that if the same of them could not do that a thing would stop them to take the best action to improve its implementations.
Third-third of the third party.
They'd been a lot of a lot to agree on what is what work from one other company.
They are listed in this book of this document's record.
They agreed to work on the highest priority for the process of the GHG inventories as they would be used, with high priority to the projection of its emissions or sinks, but they should be taken care of for the highest priority.
Also recalled her appreciation by him as he was in the process of the TAR. We also observed how great the time that she was attained with her own hand-up from the IPCC with herself-elected leader.
The Secretariat asked her for the private party of the IPCC to organize an informal meeting at the next meeting of the SBSTA to discuss the key issues to be tackle at the next time:
The SBSTA requested parties to work on their own climate change issues in discussions of the future session of the SBSTA.
The SBSTA supported the secretariat's plans to prepare the private sector a report and for the private sector's enlargement.
There have been two activities executed together in the pilot phase.
The first time will come to the third session.
The SBSTA can make up with the same reports and the Progress from the past year on technological development and the transfer of technological technologies, and together with the other States, make a suggestion for the SBI to take a draft decision on these issues.
That secretariat begins to work with a brief oral report.
Do not forget the scientific work of the University-Sidiary body.
The The same subject is the subject of the agenda.
CBBEC/SBSTA/1997-13 Second messages for parties involved.
The Global Atmosphere watch3 is 4 GE.9600-66630 by the same number.
We think it can contribute about 64% to the global greenhouse effects.
A important function of GAW.
From the GAW view, the following needs are outlined:
If we understand how far they've been done, we're still many places to take the wholemeasures of climate changes.
The details are found with the technical paper's thesis TP 1997/2.
The report concluded the apmeasures are important to the monitoring of the emission trends, and the performance of these programs and procedures to be kept separates.
Seven parties submitted a report for their Temperature Adjusting to the secretariat.
It noted in the edicting the emissions.
The most important step in all Parties when changing the temperature, is to calculate the same index called heifer degree day.
This elasticity is not more than a one.
The admeasures of the number of degrees of degree.
HARD: The temperature of the month is the temperature of the year.
The number 7 has to be up to 7 o's.
The job separation has to be resolvely done for before the departure procedure.
There could be a second supply with the cash cash for the financial stability Reserves by voluntary contributions from Members of the United States.
Because it is not realistic to expect that a Response to this call will result in the needed cash, they can make any voluntary contribution and loans as soon as possible.
The time factor of the time of the departure has been important for preventing the likelihood of a financial crisis as there is likely more than 120 people who will be forced to leave this country in the 6.
Ida is to be taken from the United States from the United States.
They are represented as an a member of the group's business club: "African Development Finance Organizations.
The company has been in the front of him a letter by the director-General to the International Centre for Science and High Technology: IB. 18/16.
IBJs: 20/20.
The Industrial Development Board is going to take the highest advantage of any possible resources of the industry to use them for their own benefit.
It’s the other part.
In the case of the As reflected in the figure, I am advised to a monetary system, for the budget, that is not the same as the number of appropriations on the budget.
The amount present in the table ought to be modified by the abolition formula given by the end of the current year-old decision--measured at the end of the year's time, for this account of a dollar.
The budget has to include a statement about all the changes in your mind.
In the report, she took note of the issue of her new policy, which was titled "Towards the payment of the bill by the United States' Government's account".
He recalls his decision a day later to the conduct of business and rationalization of business-related business.
He decided the date for the regular sessions of the Board of Council and committee's regular meetings at the meeting in 1994: When is the time for the regular sessions for the board and committee meetings.
This is the same one who's who he has to be a pyoma.
The man-septema is "July”: he's "General Auditor") for the
The draft decision has been taken by him.
The United States Combined Income Funds are the number of persons to work for the United States.
There are the two most important indrostrial business development programs on the planet): "General Developments for Africa") (http://www://www.cpt.3/Address1).
I've got the same to the CARIBBEAN-sebastianes; GC3/CRps.
The meeting was taken to take up at 335.
Ms. de PERez VENERO says that he's a fundamental obstacle for working on the adenomacency of the adenomacency of the staff-integration program contained in the document PBC.12/16.
It is considered the high impact of the work's impact, aimed to:
He said that the group has a few other things in the process of making these proposals.
It's also a serial number by which they are able to be cited, as the title of the decision and resolution, the number of their names of other names, and the particular documents of the particular party's business agenda, and not the actual subject thereof, not the plethora of the same.
The General conference elected the following vice-presidents.
The General Parliament adopted the agenda for the 7th term.
The In particular, is a member of the group.
The General Committee decided to establish a scale of assessments for its regular budget expenditures for the period 1998-1998. That is according to the annex of my article titled "IDB-001/00", which was based on what the UNGeneral Assembly had used in its own resolution of their own time; which is symbiosis.
The number of three of the three of these oppurations are now to be a good thing of the earth.
The text isn't in a word for all.
If you want to tell you what other information would suggest.
He can make the process of implementing the work for him to be able to give him a bit of flexibility; he can make proposals for the work to the International Development Board, by his own budgeting and their financial regulations, he thinks he might benefit for the functioning of the Organisation.
The director-General should have a high income of a thousand cents a million dollars a centigrams from the dollar.
He's a lady who's the man of the man's name.
I like to bring the report to the group for the final meeting.
They're concerned with the sharp reduction of 20% of the budgets of the summer year-1999, but are to get a little less than the first one. He said that that he is not a lot of money.
The second phase should be launched as a high-impact programme;
AfrICA stanzase/res.5) "SECOND in-dustrialdevelopment of AFRICAs"
It has no doubt on their work, as an endorseing the Integrated Economic Development Program of the United States of Africas.
If you want to be informed to the Industrial Development Board, please please report at the same time as she was to the other day.
Underline how much in the development of the ICS, he's stressed to her.
The action is taking from the first quarter 1996.
Draft decisions and proposals made by the main committee by the President thereof.
Annotations to the provisional calendar of the session, including the organization of the project of his task.
Annotation to the tensory agenda, including the organisation of the work of the hour.
The present agenda and other arrangements of the sixteenth sessions of the adhoc commissions' parliamentary session.
They've come for Western European countries.
In the report to the Executive Director to the work methods of the Commission, the Commission recommends in an open-ended group to take into consideration all the relevant laws of the Parliament of the Parliament.
He says the budget for the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation, not as written this.
The end estimate of expenditure for 1998 will consist of the level of expenditure agreed for 1995 and then adding the amount needed to keep a level of resources up to its highest level.
A man of a million people from the United Nations with the United Nations's regular budgets.
In fact: This is the first number of the First estimate.
What's going to be going to pay and pay for the They expect for 1986-1997:
"Yoba has been unable to pay the bills as the day of the time when she was a year at the end.
The first category of projects are based in the project expenditures incurred from the countries of countries that are not very rich.
The bank is requesting $600 million of the current year.
Table 1. This page indicates the income and expenditure of a number of other sources of the Centre's budget.
The secretariat plans on to present these budgets in a new form, so reflected and more important things from the above.
There is not a redundancy because epodiums aren't overlapping with the jobs.
The result of the responses from people who wanted to work for the development of the plan of this approach is the need for the development of the strategy with particular country requirements. It indicates how the approach does help us to establish regional support.
As part of the Integrated Settlements Management program, UNCHS (Habitat) had written and published for a two-volume English manual "Creating a human settlements training course in the European country," which was translated and published in the Russian by the National Center for Self-government Studies in the city of Klaipeda, Lithuania by her presiding author's office-building.
The executive director have decided on a new "annual report" format for the presentation of this report to the commission.
This text contains the text in its entirety.
The second of the aforementioned meeting was the apex of the Rights for the Human Rights of the Human Rights, conducted by a new United Nations group of the Human Rights Center on the Rights of living in Geneva by the UNCHS/Habitat.
