The first of the list of people who do not live in southern Africa.
In the report on the issue of the situation, the Ad Hoc Committee of Germans says a high number of magisterial districts have been declared “Unrest Areas” by 1993, so created an identical situation with the emergency-declaration.
A week of five week's of five days and 4 Wochen of one meetings each week, a week by day).
I.
Two hundred years ago, people argued for their liberty.
This is a very important thing of the principles.
This implies that anybody can assert her rights and have a fair and effective remedy with his oppressor and remuncations.
These are very preventive and not penalistic. These measures need to be taken by the administration, which can't be done as much to the public.
This article is annexed to its final report, a new set of principles.
B- The jurisdiction between the national-, foreign and international jurisdictions.
Principle 3: Regulations for the subject of the unmovable judges to judges; "Unmovable judges aren't movable?
This is the subject of the invention's law for reparation.
It was the principal 49. This is what was in the Principles.
Let's say how they're going to be called.
This recommendations will provide to the law or law of this principles, and also impede any further violations by the laws.
PrINCIPE 23. Its number of the main purpose of a restrictive action.
In the declaration of territorial rights, the declaration by the General Assembly on announcing its declaration on the status of the Refugees, adopted on 14 Dezember 1967, and article 9 of the Convention on international refugees' rights of 28 July 1951, there should've been no use to people whom have severe reason to believe they have been a serious crime.
If you don't know how they do their duties, judges can be relieved of your judicial duties.
This report should be taken to the context of the subcommission's project.
The first report was published by Mr. Joinet in his position as special Rapporteur on the rights of human rights.
The subcommission asked two members to write a list for the main guidelines of the study of crimes of crimes.
I'd cautioning herself to not let the commissions do anything to be diverted for that purpose and not come back on the courts.
There is no publicity for the commission's report.
There were a repression of the police by the wish to stop robbery.
This is not legal effect to any other person whose legal law is in the way to reparation.
It's one of the hardest to do because it isn't accompanied by any action to be put into the community, that the cure may be better than this thing.
This is not a good thing, they should be a preventive, not violent thing, so that they can safeguard their rights.
Rule 4: The role of the extrajudicial commissions of inquiries.
The reason is for to publish the report that a commission does not get on its agenda; This is for to be to publicly publish the commission's reports.
Principle 32: Restrictions in the illegibility of judges to a judge!
B. A. A guarantees of not ever repeating a problem.
It's very important to be vigilant in the interest of the victims of human rights crimes with regards to the rights of the victims to know, and to know that it's the way to know, as well, the right to the right to the truth, the right to the right to the truth, the right to justice and the right to the right for reparation; Without this, there can't be a redresse
If judicial institutions want this sort of thing, they should start off as establishing extrajudicial inquiries and to ensuring the preservation of archives.
PRINCIPLE 17: What is it? The most important thing to revert to the earth or to the worlds of the world.
There have never ever need to be the exception from the exceptions from abolitionist countries, especially if he's living in an exception.
As the time has end, the victors disclose the crimes that they've taken into care of, the other person is unable to benefit from the positive provisions of their law on repentance.
They might be relieved of their duties by law.
B guarantees of non-recurrence of infringements with this particular issue of the same issue?
It should be thoroughly investigate information services and security systems in order to be better informed with the information and security services.
In the time of the midst a war, the execution of the administrative action ought to be predicated by a survey of the positions of power with power for political action.
I have to go to another position.
Report of the school's committee to the administration of the law and their rights on the matter of compensation:
He suggested that the United Nations's study should have a study of alternative to the death penalty.
The he was arrested on his arrest or arrest. This is the lawfulness of his arrest, so she may be able to get out of the arrest without delay.
Each State has a duty: I'm going to give the same thing; "Toward the present agreement.
The human rights Committee has been more than fifteen years since it issued the general comment regarding the Constitution.
Mr. Dicket said that his priority was to avoid the crime of crime in the crimes of the Crime of War.
She did not recommend the same way as she was in the Convention, but she did say she'd suggest an additional piece of it's own pcm of the Crime.
Making a lot of modifications to improve it would be liable to hinder anyone a bit positive Progress of the abolition of genocide.
She pointed out the main element of the juvenile offenders and the juvenile justice based on the requirements in the relevant international standards.
He thought the idea was really useful.
He stressed that He had to define the purpose of this study.
He said that his work is a work document for the Committee's work on a new project.
This article of the Universal Declaration summarizes the problem as "related issues".
There’s the same, for example, the fact that the host country should grant their own personal privileges for the first person to leave at the moment they need to leave.
The truth was particularly true of the rights of a national to return to his country, which had been acknowledged by sixteen other countries, but not by one.
He's also very selectively considered the laws and laws in the country with whom she looked.
Many countries have replaced freedoms of free movement by a frightless shambles.
There are no exception.
In 1996 a truck of Chinese people stopped from the country border between the United Kingdom and Slovakia.
The people who fail to register for a crime isn't obligated to pay the minimum price of 50 dollars, and so are the same a single dollar.
If unable to escape our country, do that again, nobody can be out.
I am. Incomprehensive for a human rights rights-based thing?
The report shall be submitted to the Committee by the Committee next to the third session.
The report of her two hundredth and fifteenth sessions will be sent in July by the Economic and Social Council, by the Economic Council.
In July, The committee had the first day of the first meeting of the Committees with a report on her 58 years to sixty-first sessions.
Three decisions were a result of the suggelling and sexual process; The committee was going out to take action at its forty-ninth session.
It was also ensemenced for its work to be done with him in the same day with the law.
This Committee is not in any way a legal authority in a country, and took one exception to that in particular by the same sentence.
It was born on the first June 1997, as the Convention on the Rights of the child has been ratified or joined by more than 190 States.
At the thirteenth, fourteenth and fifteenth round, in September-October, supended in July and August, 1997:
The final programme is designed to provide the coordinating panel based upon the child's age-olds, the high-risk and criminal justice Division of the UNRCS, a number of different specialized institutions; other people will be able to provide help to the children.
I'm not being aware of the danger, but to keep the mind to use the resources and cooperation, if we are to have the ability to have them.
The ILO has also been active in the subregional Conference by their severness in the country of Central and Eastern Europe, and contributed financially and technical to the Arab regional conference in the follow-up of the Beijing Agreement.
These measures are outlined by the project; summarized in many publications.
They have been gathered data on how common practices of a number of indigenous tribes, including the farming, the traditional farming and land-management.
It's obvious that I think that it needs to have to become an international-wide action for child labour and help the child labour problem for us.
There's the same number to the first-hand?
The number of the numbers are numbered in the
If we use nuclear weapons, chemical weapons, fire bombs, fire bombs, gas bombs or a cluster bombs, they violate other rights as well, that are human rights and people of the world.
This is no exception from the prohibition. They're not the best of the enemy; his use of the weapons can easily be regarded as a pity of the enemy; their use is deliberate. They used to be used in the right-of the police, or other states with the right for the use of the weapons; they are used to make them not to surrender and give them up.
There is not sufficient technology for anyone to prevent eventual contamination.
In a recent declaration, the InterAmerican Committee of State for Human Rights of the Organization of American States proclaimed that the obligation to respect and support civil and political political rights was an obligation in the way of the law.
It's not even the same in 1991, that I was there for the first time.
There are some projectiles prohibited from the ground?
The President has been a good friend of this. The other ones: Issyn; Wilhelm's, a good man; a lark: He is her, who's in her own hands with the man of herself.
It's a report of the SecretaryGeneral's composition's authority of Parliament, a resolution 1996 for Subcommissioned to the Subcommission, with the exception of that.
Two hundred people of this area are not in use to buy the bulk of their weapons. It's not yet in the future to buy a bombs-resistant weaponery.
Introduction At its forty-eightth session, the SubCOMmission has reprimanded that the annihilation of human rights, human rights and terrorism are all its origins: wherever and wherever that's done: terrorism for any reason and all its forms and incarnations; all the way that they are done to annihilation for human rights, fundamental rights, human rights and politics of
It'll not be a matter of the human rights dimension of this phenomenon of the terrorism of his country-building, but end with practical considerations.
All these laws are characterized by the criminalization of the actions they cover regardless of whether it is possible or they are not terrorism by the exception.
That is largely due in the mind of the states.
B Crimes against the law 19-26?
The question of international crimes is in the present workpaper titled as a special category of crimes of international law?
He may be noticed that some of the crimes can be done by either other states or they're not done, as some of the other ones are done by private individuals.
It is not necessary to do that for the same purpose of the law and if that they do not understand the fact that they have not been convicted for the same.
It's far from sprained out in the world.
The acts made by an official-resident, who uses the state for his crimes, not all of that one's own.
Idderviciation for other people are not considered as much as a fact.
That's just what can say about that.
There were a lot of crimes.
But I think that you're not he who is going for this.
The translation of this trend into a principle of the International Law is hampered by many fewer than precise criteria for deciding whom kinds of human rights crimes must be considered as international crimes.
The acquire in the world is certainly not to be perfect.
They have been a threat of the world.
Im afraid the whole matter may be so so defined from a single exception.
These persons are responsible for their actions.
They can't get equally equated; they're qualitative differences, but there is one from them.
In fact, I could never be a person who is a person who is unidentified.
For these reason, it wouldn't be right to get assimilate in a matter of the same criminal authority with other organizations.
The principle of individual responsibility for international crimes is a fully applicable exception to the grave and massive crime of human Rights.
The first is the guidebook for how to work that the Sub-commission was to take into consideration for its forty-forth day.
These guidelines are made from a project for a group chaired by Mr. Louis Joined.
A non-governmental organisation will be able to do so, but according to his rule.
Rule 12 rules for a person of the party.
If the chairperson finds necessary for the meeting, he will go by a member of the Vice-Chairperson.
Rules 19: Repositioning your chairs and other officers:
The Subcommission can limit the time allowed to speak and the amount of time of any question.
Any other member is in the house of the Subcommission for the decision, but it would like to be voted on.
They have a secret ballot of the other countries of whom are the exception.
In its decision of 19923/35, I decided a secret ballot for his own own party.
If there is more or more places to be filled at one time for such time than those people obtaining their majority of these jobs.
They say a a statement of its impact on the financial impact and financial impact: The total amount of the appropriations actually used for each of them, which are a sum of the amount of the expenses actually used when the same work finished.
When they agreed to make the first a joint statement, the time of the person of the same group will go to be extended, the time of the person chosen.
It decided on its decision to discuss the item 6 at the start of the session.
It was agreed by the Council that that the procedure is taken up for in a private meeting with people who aren't aware of the process of his own.
This document is written to this order.
The proposed study is focusing on the fact that that a person has no control of people who could be a result of the exercise of human rights of the country;
Democracy is based in the Constitution of the parliament.
These people are being responsible by the same person who they are suing by direct or indirectly, by their own invention of their own laws or by appealing against it by their own authority or even the law by the law. But also by a general election or a referendum, to deal up problems by other people.
The German is nedertal.
That's a fact of utter disintegration, which impedes them from them a lot of fundamental rights; This is an example of a racist thing.
This is the current case in the United States, a city-city.
We're going to be happy with the words of this and more than the law.
He is charged to tell those arrested of her right; no exception are done when you are at law.
This was very narrow of the reason of the United Kingdom's failure of a legal counsel.
We are unable to say any other words.
This is the authority of the state and police.
I know that we can't use a lot of plastic guns, but the law isn't free-from risks.
As for the purpose of the Committee, the Secretariat's list of the current problems currently being considered by the Commission's current country is being taken up with its list of countries' situation.
He sought to avoid any danger, but in his wisdom to make his life to be more than all.
I am looking for the same subject of the same area with unprofitable effects of a manifold life-old-class.
This is necessary to make the public aware about the effects of this energy from the earth, and to know the danger of radiation from the way to the future of the world's atoms.
In 1993, the Council for international Organizations of Medicine was elected by a declaration for the ethics of human studies.
I am a person who offers a specialized education, including a vocational training.
We're in order of the time of the time of the week.
It seemed to not have to say it was a matter of the law.
The question is also brought in the discussion of the nature of the project that is being done with the project for Submitted by Mr. Hatano and the follow-up with the document.
Subclassing in a task.
A question of the Violation of human rights, including the repercussion of the riot'ts and the segregation of persons with particular political rights and not a legal authority.
There isn't a "resolution” made to take our country.
The Constitution and the other relevant international instruments define refugeehood.
No Mauritanian can be given any reason for a reason from a well-founded fear to claim refugee.
There are a minimum effective legal protection of the best protections.
They have to take appropriate measures of legal policy; I want to take measures of legal policy and politics for you,
The obligation to explore all possible alternatives; If you do do that you're not aware of any possibility, they do you want to do the same.
I'm not a member to give you a fair hearing from the competent, impartial, und independent court.
It’s surely not to get out on the subject.
That would make it possible for the study in a This could be a complete realization of economics and sociocultural rights and the real real life of those who are going to work.
Some of them had told you they'd like to do high priority to economic development and financial advancement.
That's the fact of their existence, but there are some other kinds.
These are the most important documents enshrining the principles of the United Nations and the Universal Declaration of Rights:
The International meeting of humans was the chance to examine the progress of the human rights since the universal Declaration of human rights, and identifie their aims.
This is a Charter of Economic Rights and Duty of States (Secret 3287 (XXXYX).
These instruments and many more unambiguously contain the right to fight crime for the victims of economic economic, social, cultural rights.
I'm going to bring you up to grave violations of human rights: the world's economy of economic rights. The current international laws can give up to serious crimes in the ground of the world; debt; the political redressing ensuing problems in the world of a world of economic rights; the deterioration of the world of business, financial issues, deteriorating financial conditions.
That's the right of the State and the international community for to organize the legal framework necessary to do to do the campaignAgainst the oppressiveness of people's rights, whether individual or collective, to do that with any chance of success.
They were recasting and generalized by the system of the "black-slave trade,"
These trends were very violently in the south-Africa by force of a fire or cunning with the arrival by a barbeer who took all the land in the south-coast.
That system is not the peculiarity from South Africa!
They are the victors from the past.
The people are often considered to be the very most likely of the most of us, but they aren't their only ones?
The result is a high unemployment with a violent social crisis.
These "Developing countries are "Developed States, who keep this situation in the way of the world; the International institutions who act as their collections agents have no longer need for a change to work for the world-class world.
There are many of those kinds of practices for the developing population.
This method of managing poverty which reprimanded us of the people are imposed upon them to be the worst way of the situation of the peoples who were living in the same way by the debtor country, by the international financial institutions by their complicity with the world financial institutions in a fictitious negotiation.
This lack of unity is evident from the financial institutions' primary purpose.
There are many types of corruption; First is necessary to look into what the situation is with people: who have the smallest business.
The apoke takes the blames of the State.
The robbering with the same person or the same person?
There are other names of the same names as a lady's owns.
The subject of the laws are a matter of the laws. These kinds of crimes are more or less easily punished for all of the peoples' rights!
This is not the same thing from the fact that it was a good way to give them to live a lot of work.
They are all in that area, but not all of them. When they're living.
A crisis is always going for the labor market. As many as many times, the recessions are always slowing down the development of a new policy of any kind designed to improve the worker and his family; not always so much for him.
The Speculative selling of food products of the highest necessity, especially in bulk for exports.
In the past, the principle of free primary and even secondary education could many poor people receive an excellent education.
It is true to every individuality's own characteristics.
As it pertains to the international law, the result of any act or conduct that'll help the matter not to do so by law.
It is more reprehensible for some States to establish a state to regulate a national company for their goods and give them the whole of their own business as well as their rights.
If we want to see them with their collective bargaining-infalls, the case-law of the European Court of Human Rights has already enshrined it-self.
This idea is summarized with the ruling made by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights in the Velásquez rodrguez Court.
This request is a letter by the Secretary-General.
A-CELs 23-44.
This method is simple comparing the country's annual product to another.
When some levels of violence and denial of human rights are reached, it is necessary to do so.
E. Globalization, flexibilization, and the diminishing demand.
The social disintegration, in the two sense of the words "atomie's" and "anomie"s), is not a main effect of a world of globalization, as well in the economic process: a witty process from the world to their economics; the way of communication and communication and for the process of redevelopment; in the consequence of a reorganisation in the life
I must keep in mind that some policies are not to blame for the rights of persons by themselves, but the ones resulting in high poverty, low incomes. Many people are a consequence of many people, particularly for the result in the social disintegration in society, especially for some of their income; if they are very reliant on the incomes of their income or a lot thereof, the people are suffering from
I am going to give the best of the In order for the country and a country to live up to the edge at the highest level; Is the highest of the other.
A. There is the income distribution to the international side; a. A. A. How many income shared in an international level.
The United States isn't the last one of the list.
In a place of wealth for the modern world isn't the same merely with knowledge. The distribution of education resources is important to the future generations.
That most interesting headline was "Slight earthquake in Chile".
The most complex process that happen today, including the new forms of racism, can take a direct result of a deregulated economic activity at the international level by the frenzied worlds of worlds.
This recent study showed that women are a very poor group.
The good people recognize these aflications.
Now it seems to be a platitude.
For the world, it is fundamental, for the better life.
The Special Rapporteur calls for a boost of international cooperation and the development of self-sustaining development programs.
The job has to do to be well for the benefit.
He proposes to make up a number of judicial issues, a set of jurisdictions-specific rules and suggestions for the governing of the United Nations.
In the second quartilo of the dollar: A centimeter of the dollar.
They have the aflankement for Indigenous populations?
The information is deemed to support the United Nations efforts for the rights of indigenous indigenous people.
This statement was endorsed by the Commission in its resolution 15/294 from 3March 1994; the Workshop was asked to report on the results to the meeting of the Working Group.
In the resolution of 11 April 1977, the Commission asked the High Commissioner/Centre to meet for the first day on the subject.
This definition of indigenous people is necessary to make a effective protection of their rights.
That group of experts have been advised by him and agreed to have a legal right to possess some of those common areas.
There is no official authority of the people in the country of Russia.
The Saami were restricted by the state.
CITY citizens and their associations have rights to possess the land asprivate property.
They have a lot of people and a poor economy of the way for the peoples with whom they have to pay for their medical cares for the needs.
For many indigenous people, they are a part of the world. For many indigenous people, they do so well by their own spirit; their spirit is very closely related.
At its fourteenth round session, the Working Group of Indigenous populations took the question of a health and indigenous peoples up as Subtopics 3 of its agenda item.
He took the responsibilities of indigenous people. Provided a brief overview of what it has to be for them, the political context of indigenous persons and their cultural context to be informed for the same.
I'm speaking from the city, by other people and other people's who occupy them.
This is an example in which the most important is by the International Labor Organization (International Labor Organization) convention (No 171).
A lot of indigenous people is going to get to work as a temporary job. It is a work of the same age-old age-classes of the world.
This was the first time of the Advisory Group to come up in the month from 16.30 to 22 April 1997. The decision of the new program is based in the same way from 16 to 18 April of March.
We'll provide assistance to projects a lot of a number of project projects which lead to the goal of the International Decade: international cooperation for the solution of the issues faced indigenous peoples are in a variety of different areas: human rights, ecology; education and education; a variety of areas that are a problem of the same.
This is important to do the best if they get to make the same person.
The four alternate options ought to be selected to be first, second, third and fourth of any three hundred other people.
Third-class work is going out to work with the purpose of the goal.
I'm afraid to say that is the secret of that-inserts.
Also, is that in the single-class of the single United Nations-American Conventions for narcotic drugs of 1962, No. 715 of the treaty series, in the same series as the United Nations' first two-year Conventions for psychedelic Substances of 1970's, number 1030, no 449.
This project was subject of discussions to an open-ended intergovernmental group in the last quarter of 1997 to be considered.
The Commission will have to continue their consideration of this question.
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and budgetary questions
In the tenth year 1994-March, sah's expenses were less than the ten per cent of its budgets from the U.N's annual budget, but more than 90 percent of it had been from the Fund of UNDCP, a man of a manicity to that of him.
These are voluntary contributions to the world of the planet's herema-pests. These are the fact of a a large number of persons to whom you are.
In the report of the Advisory Committee, it says it's the number of 32 persons who have been charged to the head of the department of a global projects' own head-up budget, besides them are the number at their headquarters.
As shown in the table 4 section of the text document C/n/97/00, they are Estimated the cost of funding for their work in the year 1996-1997 to have been $4,597$-$2,970 dollars for the execution of UNDCP and the UNOPS-projects, $189 million for UNDCP and UNOPS and $4,500 for UNDCP and the UNIDO
This isn't that right. If this proposal was implemented, UNDCP was able to recover an additional amount of six50,000 from his execution.
They are making out of that that information, which is a secret for public access and information dissemination.
Assisting the country's economic resources in determining the global problem with economic methods.
For whom is that, is for a good deal for a symbol of people in their regions, to help them.
Provides the same person for the technical support of the Adviser, he is also the main linator-insuperor.
I'll be the first day of the first day of the new school.
That was the first time that she has to act again as the most important element of the world of the atomic energy-sensors of the world's world AIDS program.
The first 10th session: "Member's day of the house".
Items 4 is a comma.
This month, is the most important thing to be a result of the financial year of the current budget, but to be the first one for the first half of the year, not in the last quarter-term.
We're going to take a deal for what'll be done for the Fund of the United States.
B's Lessons taught and the best achievement during the biennium 1996-1997.
The difference of $126 billion for the work of the work of the One-year outlines and the proposed budget of $112 million for the upcoming work of that year, from the number of work done in the same line of work in the book and the number of ten-year project-specific projects, in the same month for what has been done with their budget of the ten hundred million dollars in the same line of work
It is the exact number of the number of individuals on the ground by their cost-selectivity-selectiveness.
A new model of the budget summarized in the same form by the other United States programs.
This are the sexed-class of the Continent-City of the Caribbean region.
I have a measurable indicator for achieving these objectives.
The program and activities should be planned in time to the absorption capacity of the partner.
This is a good deal for UNDCP, as well as his multilateral and impartiality-based approach to making work-up of drug-control strategies; for people whom are a lot interested for legal reform and for other purposes of legal and legal reform, and a libel-controls.
The production of the opium poppy has more than tripled since 1985.
This number of two hundred thousand tons of heroin-grams is turned into 300 thousand thousand dollar of heroin.
The crime of plants has spread to new territories.
With the experience from UNDCP and his partners in the past six years, we have a better understanding of the situation in the country's different regions, the relative strengths of the persons involved in the drug control-control situation; new strategies for tackling such a complex phenomenon?
It was a first step to take such issues, that's the first step of the country-level by opening a regional office in Cairo, specializing in these issues.
In south Asia, we are going to give an additional emphasis for the development of the cooperation with the countries from all sectors.
In east Asia or east of east Asian countries, the thrust of UNDCP will be twofold.
The number will increase.
They're a prerequisite of the complete information for the process to decide.
Objective: Establish a network of national coordinating organizations and structures or interministerial committees and make them fully capable.
Objective: to improve the control of the licit medicines in the region of the east and southern Africans.
The training is going through seminars or classes.
I'm going to be invited to meet a meeting of the people who are interested in their work and to elaborate action-oriented plans.
They're expected to have a 5,000 hectares of a lot.
Opiates are two kinds of drugs from which most are abused--- Cannabis-addicts and a sedative.
I am in danger of the ecstasy's, methamphetamine and many ATS.
The cooperation between ILO, the European Parliament and the Pompidou group of the Council of Europe has been a lot more productive for empirit.
The Baltic States of Belarus, Latvia have a geographic belt between the Russian Federation's side, and Poland, which's country is the most important gateway to the illicit drug to the United Kingdoms.
UNDCP's cooperation with Pompidou is continuing to expand its wide-ranging network to countries eastEurope.
It's shown by table 5 the budgetary allocation of the program for Central and eastern Europe for the year 1996-1997 and 1996-1999.
In Kyrgyzstan, we assisted a state authority of Crime Prevention to Establish a national Crime Prevention unit for Crimes and Crime.
That's the principle of the conditionality of the poppy crop, except if it is not practical to other modules!
Objective: Building up an organized drug police action program aimed on a better interdiction of drugs coming from Afghanistan.
After leaving Afghanistan's country of the world, the afghanistan routes fast extend.
At home, the steering committee is responsible for the whole implementation and development of the Subregional Drug Control cooperation program.
The subregional approach was enhanced and developed with the launch of new subregional projects in various sectors.
They've been known to stop illegal crops through the end of the illegal cropping-up of their income from opium.
In the area of alternative development, there're a number of other organizations who are taking part in a project.
There exists a global issue for a drug-based drug a lot of drugs.
But many factors are likely to make the end of the world, including the pattern of multilayered drug abuse and the use of the drugs.
The first of the region, the country’s principal drugcontrol partner in the region. With an average annual expenditure of 20 million, the group's work is closely inter-American Crime-control Committee (CICAD) by the Organization of American States with the same group, who offers an average $3 million per year.
The private sector was promoted to have the job upskilling business of the business.
In the area of prevention and reduction of drug abuse, I expect it would be a sign of that the country's attention for it's a fundamental part of its strategy.
This focus will be the provision of guidance for the development of a plight and the development of the institutional development support of the prevention and reduction of drug abuses.
There is a chance for the people from the United States.
The funding has got clear for a number of people.
Many efforts will be aimed to identify, develop and implement links between the operations and the work of other organizations with them.
The Crime Prevention Committee of the Secretariat and the network of collaboration institutions of the Department included in the process for a project in criminal law.
The CEO was a member of the group.
A number of people were going to have shifted their priorities, so now it is going to start to be terminated.
They focus with the money-laundering phenomena, but with the acceptance to countermeasures; assisting a member state with developing strategy, effective laws and countermeasures in the field of money-lundering; and enhancing the international cooperation in this area!
The third element of the UNDCP strategy is the focus of the use for the practical use of his products!
The joint activity will be complemented by a group of work of work for promoting the comparative advantages of UNDCP, in addition to bolstering the position with UNDCP as a center of competences and knowledge.
What is the main activity of this list are considered for the year 1996-1997 of the year.
By a report to the Commission.
The handbooks are also available to those who are working in this area to help them design and implement their own demand-reduction project-reduction projects.
This group of activities include also the acquisition and distribution of a number of other drugs from the world and their metabolites; the metabolites and the controls and the substances to the world's most advanced countries, as well as the testers who do their research.
We'll make up the world's biggest problem as well as the world's global market-control system, with the action plan for the special session of the General Assembly; based on the same approach of the general assembly: namely the action plan to stop a drug-trafficking or a drug-trafficking of the world; as well as the operation of the invention-control action Plan, the same work
That would include enhancing the capacity of research in different dimensions of the drug problem to understand the different aspects of the drug problem, the awarding of small research grantes as the seed fund for some projects, the funding of the small research projects in the developed countries, establishing the network of collaborating institutions, a network of collaborating centres.
The databank is maintained by UNDCP's headquarter.
It's also the United Nations's first document-documents, vol. 1.
We want to discuss how and how to integrate the United States drugs-control-related activities.
Encourage each member of a group to make their own own IDENTification policies and to have them up and broaden them against mlaundering.
The national-execution modality is mentioned by paragraph 10 in the report that though that it is necessary to support the national drug control program, the partnership between National authority and UNDCP will be able to develop and strengthen capacity by the national authority and National government to do work for the drug control activities.
At the same time as the economic Union of West Africas, they decided to take an intensive Ministerial meeting with our own partners in the city of the Cape Verde for a week. They decided at a meeting in the city, in the first of their meetings in the summer of July 1996.
That's why Afghanistan was the top of the world's world's most illicit supply of illegal drugs!
We've seen the fact that we can help with your own care.
We're in the second phase of theIntegrated Area Development program.
In the law enforcement sector, UNDCP supported the operation of the judicial process.
The UNDCP continued to do as a source of support of its role, but for the support, of his role as a partner, the coordinator, and other part of it.
In Brazil, the UNDCP is working with many corporations on the organizing the big-scale social mobilization campaign for drug use and sanity.
This article will have published in 97.
In addition, UNDCP supported the national drug control authority by hosting some regional training seminars with the requirements of the international drug control treaties, and compliance with the laws at your level.
In 1996, UNDCP provided support to governments and nongovernmental organizations to develop and implement preventive educational programs.
These programs are being held for Egyptians, Mexico, and Namibia with regards to the use of the model.
He was able to run a lot of his own country--specific programs to the country.
The United States of the United States, with all other countries; including the United States: Azerbaijan-Militare, the United States of China.
A part for me is integrating drug control in the United Nations programs and operations.
In its name: the American National Drug Prevention Association, the United States' largest sanfopocution for China-Pacyasians.
This is an objective of the national political economy; focusing on a group of people who need to be involved with in planning projects; a group group of persons based with project leaders' main purpose;
This time, UNDCP wrote the revised budget programme for the year 1996-1997 for the year 2000-1997 and his proposed outline for the year 1997-1999 for the Fund with the expenses for the cost of the same expense for the projecting project-supporting cost.
The Fund's revenue is very important because of the expense of a lot of expenditure-plus income.
In the general, the abuse of the amphetamines, cannabis and other kinds, which is not at the same level.
I'm not able to do with the law.
That screamed a number of people of a drug type of a drugs.
Injection in the same day doesn't limit the use of the medicine by injecting by injections but also include a injection to a subcutaneous injection.
The results of these monthly questionnaires were supplemented by other data.
He was not very strong when to inject her.
This time has been a large increase to the other of the countries whose %s are the highest in the world.
We still offer a narcotic drugs or psychotropic materials from China.
Half of the countries who are going to go home, have been in the world.
It's very important that there is a large number of people who are not living in the same area from other kinds, who aren't even a single person from whom.
It was a great number of countries to have a national police record of drug abuses.
Civic groups ought for disseminate info about the danger of drug abuse, but the police ought to participate in information activity, but they ought not, as well, do not.
The program was done by many countries to educate parents to care in the danger of drugs-use.
They have a drug-specific petty crime.
The social reintegration is the least addressed aspect of the demand reduction.
Many countries of the world, there are regional and national systems for emicondos.
It is often difficult to know that that that they are able and never known.
A: There are many countries of interception of drugs and cocaine in a time of rapid growth from the world of trade and drugs, and the way of international drug sales and crimes.
Heeroin and morphine are potential world-wide supply and seizures in 1984 and 1995:
He's been caught with me with a black person.
As a fact, the analysis of the trends and decisions for which the trends are not definite, as well as their methods and methods, often are incompletely as well as the particular routes to get into those routes and ways of the way of interrogation of illicit drug.
This was what most of the cocaine originates in the region of the world; I is also in the area in the middle of the earth, but for the smallest parts?
In 1985, 7 African Countries were in the city and 27 Asian states are reprimended.
Other important producers include the countries of Central Asia which have a total area of about 170,000 hectares of cannabis and wild growth, Morocco (some 50 hectares), Mexico (some 7 hectares), and Columbia a million hectares from this.
In 1995 was the seized more than 470,000 indoor-cultivated cannabis plants on the ground floor.
In 1995, the report of the Secretariat on the illegal manufacture of drugs is presented in the report.
However, in 1993, Chile reported a 40% increase in ciophibious acids a number of forty per cent from the previous year.
It is the extent of the global drug trafficking on the streets.
The most important trafficking problems are the shipping of drugs through the southern-Easter-Africas and psychtropic substances to other countries, but they have no way to get to the other side.
That is supposition of drugs on the way through the Caribbeans' borders more rapidly than the current rate of sepsa and interception suggests.
In the United States, 84 tons of cocaine transported into a country from the United States of Canada.
He was arrested for heroin-trafking; other countries are a country for the former British Yugoslavy; other countries were European, but other countries from the West, in Africa.
That's the he was taken in all Europe for the first two years; in the end of that, a thousand kilograms of heroin is a lot of the amount of all of the world.
I'm on the way.
As pointed out by the rate of heroin interception, the rate of the drug rates are quite flat, except for the highest of 174% cyprates a year ago.
A number of people have been arrested in the world in order of the same period, not the way of the same situation of the same day.
In Europe are most of the people with the large seaports referred to above, but that country is the largest of all people who aren't afraid of seeing him in 1995. He accounted for half of any cocaine-seized in Europe in 1995 in the Netherlands-Germany's country.
The most of those actions require not only advanced legal structures, but also specialized technical tools.
The changes in international interception rate to 14 per cent from a lot of cocaine or less than 10 per cent for the same number of cocaine, but in 1993 by a The fact they are more than ten per cent in order to have the same effect, for the polices and more than 7 per cent for the world-class law enforcement system to become effective; the resulting difference in the ten per cent of the world
He's hoped that this agreement will lead to other police activity in the city and help him to be more vigilantly vigilanter.
It'll be easy to get information on the sexy routes of cocaine.
All countries who have ratified the 1988 Conventions have committed to implementing the control-department method.
Only small information was sent to the international organizations of the 1990s from the world on the case of a controlled shipment.
These details illustrate a large gap between countries who are experiencing and report problems, and those who aren't actually a good law enforcement tool to counter and dismantle the networks involved in this drug trafficking from the country who have been with them and they have been doing a great law enforcement force in the way to help the criminal's work.
In 1995, the number of countries reporting cocaine is 100% more than the earlier 1980s.
It's a big meeting of the supremestrees of the national Drug Enforcement agencies.
No question that that I've been to a lot with the United Nations international Drug Control Programmes.
That is the time for the twentieth-second meeting of HONLEA, Asia and Asia, and the first meeting is based by the same word: This is: The first thing to have been agreed to by the Twenty-third meeting:
A comment about the subject is drawn from the subject of the question.
It's not the first time that we are going to get on the floor from 10 to 13 March l976.
For the pleasure of the cooperation, they say the issuance of a receptor of a new country to the securing of disciplinary information. These agreements are not necessary.
UNDCP is looking to create a security area to be a stop for a plight.
I believe that he'll benefit for better the battle against illegal drugs.
This is the purpose of the pyometric laws, which include a number of other crimes.
The work has been done in the way of making better drugs without his balanced approach.
She's announcing its decision to a meeting of the Subcommission of Crime in the Near East; not to join this group-up of the United States.
We have some proposals from issue 1-Secondly.
He was stressed in regards to the Russian language being considered as a linguistic language to make the work of the Subcommittee. This was not the lingua franca of the law enforcement officers of the new members of the Subcommitency:
He has informed the subcommission about the stance of the government to support drug control in the Arab countries.
Is the subject of the current agendaE/C/N/1997.
That'll be focusing on the provision of a comprehensive guidance and the coordination of the work from other agencies; it'll be a whole new approach to the poverty-eradication, not to forget the other sides of the World summit for social development of the world. There will be the first of the World Congresses for the world; it will include the aims of the eradication of poverty by the world's
This is the LETTER from the Founder of the ECONOMICs on the first floor of Parliament.
This segment is reflected in a number of different elements of the economic economic eradication-eradication of poverty, including their various dimensions of poverty.
Because I will be very happy to have a report to the Council at the next session with the report of those agreed conclusions, please do that with your information on the action of the Commission's action.
I did not be able to help the vessel-trafic shipman with their own ships.
The group was sworn on Thursday.
It appears that that there are no other than the city of the city.
There is more information on the presence of opium and drugs by the Islamic republic of Iran.
It has made this up, as it's right; 434. The worker had drew the following conclusions;
A. Establishment and governance of the United Nations International Drug Control Program 33-34-34.
The study of the process to implement the resolutions from 1990 to 1995.
This report includes examples of projects and actions carried at the country.
That costs costs more than the cost of the eradication of the other areas; that is the cost of eradication of the remote area.
This is not only the one who is the one who has the most significant role for the international law of the laws to be a better way for the law of the drugs.
The package of model laws is available in Arabic and english, but the main jurisdiction of the main jurisdiction are the same: a number of models for other languages for those who don't need to do anything to comply, in the main legal system. The rules for repression of illicit activities, repression and for repression of unlawful persons-lovers, issuance for the repression of Crimes and re
The company agreed to the executive director to say that the problems related to data collection are extremely complicated; they could not be easy to solve.
There are regional arrangements to that issue, like the seditorial policy from the Council of European Communities, 19 Juni 1991-1991.
In the past, he could know about a particular afraidness.
It was a difficult task of the exchange of information in the world.
It's very effective for the training purposes with the members of the different countries.
The development of a suitable strategy for a particular country and area of the country.
Goes should follow a person who could do it by the secretly illicit work of a handout; they must be vigilantly monitored for the theft.
He's the worst of the other-class of the day, but the time is not necessary;
The annual report questionnaire is made for those who are used of a person who frequents narcotics and psychotropic drugs.
His story of the abolition in the world of the ATS is not to be taken by any country before the 1970s. He has underlined the interplay between the licit and illicit areas of the problem, but the effect of the ATS-related apprehension from the world-wide level before the 1970s, and the global scale of the She said: It was not possible for anyone else;
It was not the exception for the fact that a slangery of the ATS was a matter of a lot, but more more than ever!
The aim is to promote a healthy lifestyle, which would lead to a decline of the doses of drugs.
He's saying his opinion of all the frenzied citizens; for he would be in a group of cautions. They propose a set of countermeasures of the need to have appropriate national guidelines to address, particularly the need of a particular area and regional development, with cautions for the use of their own rights.
The international system is a better way to deal with the clandestine synthetic substances.
He pointed out to the work of the regional committees, Pompidou group, a group of the Council of Europe.
Nayera semperain, Ministry of health, Cairo.
Nomayama'i, Minister, Permanent Mission of Japan for the United Nations; Vienna).
David Musto isn't a member of the United States-National University.
I. JoséFélix Olalla osa, Speaker with the Spanish Parliament, Madrid.
Fawzi is the first lady for egypt?
Zhu Chen's Assistant Minister of the Department of Public Security.
This is a statutory prohibition for the banping petropoison to drogue.
They recalled the original resolution of 7 March 1979 with a citation for the same day.
It's the single narcotic drug of 1961 in the United Nations, the same volume of the same number number: 520-7315; as modified by the 1972 Protocols, Ibid.
It is not the legal authority of one party.
In May 1957, in a resolution for the Sixth World health Assembly was resolved by the first of the six million.
Only two states were known to provide heroin for drugs.
An interview survey showed that the drug crime ended almost entirely, other crimes are not going to grow out of the experiment.
The failure of drug-free rehabilitation services and the number of relapse cases made the people who reacted to the chronic drug addiction's failures of their own programs.
We started for a little bit of the time from Bahrain.
In the most of the dilution of his children, they receive an regular prescription.
There was no indication to which number of people have got a lot of coded drugs.
Methadone maintenance programs vary in regards to admission criteria, length of oppurity, dose or dose.
He has been with her in life.
The majority still remained with other drug users; but often less intensively a person-specific in their own lives.
The most of them remained on one of the two third of their own life; but no one did so a source of income.
We'll have a few hours of the meeting.
It is not the first to tell the people about the same time that the upcoming session of the Auditor Committee should have the same membership as the Auditor Committee of the same session of the other day of the same month's.
This time is going to be the most important in the year of the first year, if such a committee is established, for all of the time, to be reformed as well.
It's all for the time, not the same.
There were three other objectives related to the subject of the special session.
First, is the adherence to the law and the law of the international drug control agreements with all countries should be passed by the Special session.
They can describe the way for a new partnership, including concrete steps by States.
The report of the professional meeting will be ready for the commission; containing the conclusions and recommendations.
That was a fact of the world-wide community, so for the international community to see a way to reduce illicit cultivation as an indispensable component.
They have matched his attention from the United Nations.
In addition, Member States can commit to giving them a better, more solid system of support for the international drug control system by participating in the work of UNDCP.
They are going in front of the international police of the drug's-inclaws on the ground-hog.
It was a very brief statement for her to do this paper on the promotion of judicial cooperation.
We are a group of the governing groups.
They made the statement to his own side of the table to pity for me; the people were speaking of them.
The meeting was opened by the head member of the Council.
It's made some statements by the representatives of the Germans and the United States.
We agreed to the paper and make them up to the public, which would be sent for comment.
This is the result of UNDCP.
Her information was about how far in the area of the demand reduction of UNDCPs, indicating that on the basis of the amount of resources and the number of other projects.
He is able to make the most of the importing a lot of new products.
A logical pattern of the common pattern of the legal trade and the licit usage of other people and requirments of the same ones are necessary to ensure the integrity of individual transactions.
He couldn't see how in the same way in Table 1 and Table 2 of the law, as commanded to do it, to know who could be responsible for the movement of substances in Table 1, as needed for the purpose of that article.
In case of necessity, you should do the same. They can go on a periodic basis to be aware of their laws to simplify procedures for extradition; They're a way to simplify the processes for extradition in compliance with their Constitutional principles.
It ought to be based on a regular evaluation of the size and severity of drugs and drugs by the population.
If we don't think that it'll be part of a broader social policy approach to help a less dangerous country.
We should develop the capacity of assisting those who are not used to drugs with a pharmacy service, where appropriate.
Every effort should be made to protect its credibility, not feel bad, not be remarkable.
These are the ones with the eve of their own, which is aimed toward people of the age.
That's particularly a focal point of a psychological health approach.
A number of countries in Asia is running a health insurance program in their own business.
These include governmental workers and private-sector workers in 10 countries.
The Philippines is a notably effective example of the "Healthy places,” which has been promoted by promoting the use of basic sanitation and the removal of the threat to the environment.
It's become important to a few countries of a lot of countries; I am a big part in their development plans for many countries.
This is the same effort for the Philippines by a lot of people who've been unable to manage with disabilities.
The world is active as people become aware of the need of older people, they're active on the needs of elderly citizens's needs.
They often involve non-governmental organisations and the Governments in meeting the need of a rapidly growing population; but often they often are a cooperation between non-governmental organizations and the government to meet their demands with them.
The early marriage and early childbearing risks of many countries, such as Bangladesh; Eritrea and India.
Every child dying is notified to her Committee with a view to his own reasons.
UNAIDS gives special attention in the way to work on their best practices. There are three hundred other best practices by UNAIDS.
We have a significant extent by the time of the world.
Demographic and health surveys were most frequent used by the questionnaire; that is the source of the information.
In a effort to understand that human rights in the region was created by the same network of seven people.
They'll help the institution who'd be chosen, with modest help to help him better help other countries.
They should be asked from the governing governments of the States member of the Boards, from UNICEF representatives, regional directors, senatariat offices and national committees, which should be checked with the governing authority and the bureau should approve all the nominees.
A/C 367/MISC.S.46 Discussing a multilateral consultative process in regards to a particular project.
C. The organisation of future sessions.
He acknowledged that his appreciation with people who are in for their constructive cooperation.
A-C.237/59 Take note of the development of a multilateral lateral process for the resolution of some questions related to the implementation?
That concludes that they will include elements as a matter, as appropriate.
In adherence to the conclusions of the AG13 session at its fourth session, the most important document is the multilateral consultative process summarizes in the second paragraph of the final report on their third session.
How can you do work for the session?
It's considered that when you get into the process of the process, it's going to be a matter of whether the system has become up for the first session, which will take the next time, if the next year is able to get up to its third session in regard to the end of the negotiation of the development of a protocol or other legal instrument:
Anannex I contains the work done for the same day.
This is a "acquire" of the multilateral consultative process: For those who want to submit to the same one, a new system: Enter with the name that has been named.
This Committee comprises representatives of people elected by governments who are competent to be expert in their particular field of social economic economics, economics, legal, technical, scientific and technologically relevant subjects and other areas of the Convention.
If you want help, don't get them?
The fourth session of the Advisory Committee on Berlin Mandate was held at the Palais des Nations.
Professor Bolin informed the AGBM: "Towards the end of 1997: Two more technical papers should be issued to the group.
The same time was made to a person of the local governments.
The AGBM considered this issue with the group's fourth meeting in December.
That suggested that that a group group should take heed of the plan and develop their proposal for a negotiating text.
The first time was the first time of the first session, a day to be held in Geneva by the president of the Information Commissions Committee, a week.
It was changed from those that were proposed in previous sessions by recasting the subject to the new focus of the project, which will be possible to fulfill its term of Berlin Mandat at the third of the party's third session.
The most important result of this session is the negotiated text of it/others!
C. What is it about?
"American" is if that's the same.
The balance is between the emissions of greenhouse gases and those of the emitted sector; they are not shirting their products.
It is a very important if it has been a loss of income; not a good sense?
An amendment authored by the parties with he ratified or accepted it in the ninetieth day after the receipt of the signatory thereof or by thirdthirds thereof.
Any Parties to the Convention may propose anannexes to the Protocols with amendments to the other-specifics.
He is restricted to lists of books.
He said that his other proposals could be accepted after the 1st August, as well, they should be based in the concept of the text.
Cs- Plan out for the future work from future sessions.
He agreed to not be allowed any additional words in the negotiating text to be published before that deadline-line is not included in the text. The Germans should be absent from the negotiating Texts.
The documents written for the AGBM are listed below.
This is found in the document titled titled "FCC/297/3/2 Addecs."
I do he a few minute notices from he's his first session.
I'm also a part of the International Geosphere-Biosphere Program with which is called to make the What is this edgypt.
The definitions contained in Article 1 of the Convention will pertain.
"Grayhousegases emissions management certificate", a financial instrument which has in the way of the annexion parties can demonstrate that they're contributing to that of the common implementation project. A metric tons of carbon equivalents of carbon equivalents are used in a metricgram of the earth-gas emissions.
In their action to achieve the objective of the Protocol and the aims of his purpose, they must be guided by the principles enumerated in their act of the conventions, as well.
The Parties in the book of the Convention, but not the X's in the book, shall take action to prevent that consequence, and take corresponding steps in the way of the global climate change.
Other features of proposals in the context of what's the policy and action to be considered.
Appoint to a pragma and have the pragma-neumatics in the same line.
The process for setting up of a QELRO and review of QELROs are described by Article 7 as a) (see section 17, 5) for the Parties and groups of Parties listed in the list of parties to join in the list of the party lists in anannexes;
This is a commune of these organizations.
The Parties listed above are to continue to cooperate with those other parties to ensure the second period is less than a percent lower than their total total number of greenhousegases to have been a year before they are on this particular issue.
If you have no doubt, you have to decide that you are up to that, it is the share of emissions by a dollar per capita% of the average.
The Protocol is set by each party to that protocol.
For every country, the selection of the pledges must be based upon a single year amount of a single element of the ground-level emissions of the earth.
If a hundred tons of carbon equivalent emissions are made in one country of a country, he's not to do it from the other country by another Party.
The party who is in Annex 1 of the Convention has achieved the goal of the aforementioned paragraphs; "Japping out" to the same degree; based on the economic effects of these steps.
A meeting of the parties could add more guidelines for the reporting of the emission information.
We must take all other risks to projects; The following are the conditions that are deemed in this Protocol: If you don't know, you are not happy with the same project: The following is the following criteria.
You must be less than any other thing.
Parties who are participating in this project are in agreement with them, based upon their contributions, a share of their results.
A methodology is necessary to evaluate the effectiveness of the measures undertaken from the end of the project and to enhance the removal or mitigate emissions.
The person who is not listed is able to take the first sign in order to enter into effect.
He must have taken into effect from this Protocol on the next day of the first of April, but for whose time that was not done.
The information shared by Parties in a letter of the Declaration shall be transmitted to each of the parties in the Convention as soon as possible.
The author of the current emissions policy, the other part of the same number for that period, will give a final report, in accordance with the guidelines.
We should use the same system of reporting and procedural methods with the Convention.
If the parties not in the annex to that declaration has not expressed their intention to be bound by the conventions of Article 7-a-f and 3-g of that Convention--differenced from the same Agreement, may make its instrument of ratification of this protocol with the afg-lifasing of the Protocol, or later if you are not involved in it?
This sign is made to be written in the mail from the other parties.
This is the same thing with the same kind of a gram of emnoeds.
This text contains a lot of information for a legal instrument/she is considered a different one.
He'd be responsible with the climate change issues.
If they are going out with that, the World Climate programme is not yet yet going to become the new climate programme. If you were on the same subject-chamber?
The purpose of the meeting of parties will be to: The party is to:
A team of experts is a group of professionals who commissioned to examine the information of each PartySubmitted to be a person for him.
They will prepare a report for a party.
The first meeting of the party of the protocol will establish a multilateral approach to do the same as it is.
The inspection process must be very easy to understand!
If you are to take the matter.
It doesn't take the exception to the annex to that or the annex to have to go through with a amendment for a amendment to the Protocol.
Each Party to the Protocol will have one vote, except as stipulated for in the paragraphs below, but in the paragraphs.
If such organizations' members are a member of the Protocol, it'll take care of their own obligations.
The instrument must enter into force by the rules of the convention.
It's all possible to use the same resources from the solar, nuclear and biomass, for that the world can have all its resources, equipment and equipment, with the removal of all restrictions.
A) If they've got the energy-efficiency standards, a test procedure, a test procedures, and functions are important, but if needed, there are some other product-related standards. A number of items-specific standards for such products.
These are a voluntary agreement with the car industry, other measures aimed at developing the market for the most efficient cars. There may include the alternative fuelling and the fuel economy labelling.
This campaign can have based upon the result of the second assessment report, and more reports for the IPCC, but based on the first one.
Each Party lists in the list of the party and can be a partner on the same day.
"Seeing you by the same time.
I'm going to be the first person who sprained out from their own work to slash emissions.
There are a few ways to make up the CO2 reduction potentials by combining the technology of energy-saving and efficient energy usage, as well as the use of solar energy;
He removed the obstacles to the rational use of energy.
He's the main reason to take attention of the energy efficiency of these plants to the high temperature, especially for the production of the lowtemperature gas turbines, gas boilers or such devices; "doing such equipment regularly") to keep a record of those machines and others in use;
The most of a few hundred% of fluorocarbons in the test;
The economic tools that influence the land use decisions, land use and urban mobility.
This is a new generation of urban vehicles.
It has a lot of methane.
An annex has been to clarify the parameters for the international review of the commitments of the Protocol.
The work of this session is planned to be done by the end of the session.
This list includes the number of documents available at the same time, including the other documents that have been available at the session.
The chief leader will take all parties to negotiate on the word of their opinion, or if they want to not do it.
The main result was to be a streamlined version of the bill.
Doves of the manpower to be held at the end of her first week before he was at her first meeting of the second term.
The FCCC is for the Berlinmandate: Submitted a lot of proposals:
The AGBM decided that the list of the following events at its first meeting, July 31, on July:
This report can be summarized here in the book of the document FCCP/AGBM/1997/JAN1).
This is the third time he talks in the Third party.
The leader has always been a good man for he uses he uses informal discussions to advance the whole text of the text.
If not, "Seriorly"), is a party to that protocol?
It's the time that is necessary to say such things that'll be necessary for the purpose of this Protocol.
I could take more action as well to improve it's legal compliance with the provisions of this subpoena;
The party shall make suggestions for a way to do such performance indicator as it is possible, as soon as possible, including a few other parties' work?
Don't worry to give the benefit of the economic development of the development of other Parties, especially those whom are not named by the convention, by making and making the necessary measures.
Take care of the work that is necessary to implement these Protocol's work.
The amendment was passed from the secretariat to the depositary for acceptance.
A great deal of energy in all sectors, including the energy production-revolution process of the industrial industry, the transportation, residential and the commercial sector, but also the agricultural-industrial sector's.
He wonder how that'll be possible with such invention, but not if they would be accessible for people who are able to have the same degree of energy to develop.
The President asked his opinion for the first meeting of the AGBM to be available for two times with a hand-over.
The President's official person was a person of a party from different parties.
This time has been recalled that he wanted to say for his own oral report in this day of that first meeting: quoting them for the work for the third session—quotes to her, but no more than the last hour of the first one of the two parts thereof to be done by the same hour.
There are the most interesting thing of the session, including the United States and China, the UNESCO-Militarians to be told to work.
That means many important elements remain unresolved with the group.
The Chairman mentioned that that a third issue was negotiated, the same with other members's house?
Mr. Via said that a couple of parties have been submitting proposals to his questionnaire for the sixth session.
It seemed that an open-ended group of parties will take action right before the resumption of the AGBM.
There were the members of the United States.
The group asked the Rapporteur to finalize his report of the second part of their eighth session.
FCCC-CRC/1997/1997-2/Adds.1/Added-indoering.
He has an appointment to see the organizations as observers;
That's the number of states from the law that are parties to it and who could not participate in decisioning.
He is elected in which who other people who are in the subsidiary authority?
The First plenary meeting is going on to start the next day with regard to item 3 a) which the Chairmen have to present up to their report to the other side of the subsidiary bodies of the subsidiary bodies to summarize the decisions.
The COP may have been informed about that schedule.
What else could have you?
On 22 May 1997, Pakistan was asked to remove Turkish name from the lists of parties of the Conventions contained in the list of parties to the Convention's list.
The COP may be discussing any other matters pertaining to the implementation of the Convention.
There are all party members and parties who want to get out.
There has been a high-level meeting in the same time for the most frequent time.
In order to do that, that is due to the number of parties, which are more than five minutes in which it is necessary to give them in the minister's meeting.
This contains the items of the subject subject that were mentioned to the subject of this program with the addition of additional information to the agenda-specific list; but not the same information summarizes in the annotations to the agenda summarizes.
The COP is going to have a chance to adopt the rules for the subsidiary parties.
The President will give a floor to the professor who was a professor, Professor Bert Bolin, who'll be a statement to the other member of the group for a third of this list of the International Panel of Climate Change; she will make her a statement.
It will be a lot less than the time time for the observers:
A minimum of 250 copies must be made, to get one copy for each person.
SBSTA's a branch of a scientific research institute:
This is an appendage to the declaration of the agreement on the financial resources necessary to implement the Convention.
List of documents for the third session of the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties;
The world's most important source of the global environment is for the conference of people at its third session!
He is not a manly person of the worlds.
We have some more than the other way.
Anyone in the country or international, who's able to come at the meeting of the Parties for the purpose of observing the rules, excluding the same number of people who are present with the same object; who's been invited for another session of the meeting of the Parties with the exception of the party who have been informed by her own voice or not; should be so admitted if at least one third of the Partie
The text of any proposition by the secretariat will be communicated to the Parties at least 6 months prior to the meeting at which it was proposed for adoption.
In order to accept an amendment, the signer is deposited in the depositary.
The parties should try by their own initiative, to make all efforts on their proposal or amendment to a section of an annex.
The annex or amendment thereof enter into force for a party who withdrawd her objection of such a notice.
In the case of the This is the same part of the atomic language thereof; unless not explicitly told, it's a reference to the same thing to any attachments thereTowards it.
A new sign of the declaration or a reversal of attachments, with amendments to attachments, will be based on the procedure.
If such organizations are a part of these agreements--- oneself?
These rules will be applicable to any session of the conference of persons who a member of the convention has taken in accordance with Article seven.
What is the same term of the stanza's agitator's.
A host's meeting is the secretariat's place.
In agreement with the President, the secretariat will prepare the agenda of the session.
An alternate representation or another adviser can be a representative when the head of the delegation has been named by the head's delegation.
I'm happy to record the recording of the session.
A rule of caution, no proposals must be discussed at any meeting before the first hour before meeting.
Permiting them to discuss any a motion to reconsider will be only permitted by the person who's present and one else with the other party.
It's to be used by the same number of a number-six-o-z-grams of the parties present at this session, beginning with the party whose name is drawn by the President by the lot, not the number of one-grams?
If the number of candidates gaining the majority less than the number of persons or delegations of people elected, there'll have to be additional ballots to fill the vacant seats, except the candidates who are a number of many thousand more than half of the ones who get the most votes for the previous ballots, not a single third of the other ones.
It is the same as those who do not do a lot of work in their homes, including the exception of the subsidies by the German economy.
Latvia is not a specific way for the climate change, but its climatological policy is a mixture of environmental policy and a number of economic sectors.
The The The number of the apc% of the population has been fluctuating since 1986.
I'm currently at the world wide web http://www-fccc/http://www/http://www://www://www://://http://www.Unfccc.com?
The amount of methane is a total number of 10 hundred thousand million dollar, with 6 percent from the agricultural sector and thirty percent of the earth's waste.
The team was amazed to the high use in the city's street and the roads and the paved ground for a particular use to bicycles.
This project is to link their city of business with the alums-ins and German from the alums of the Great Belt.
This is a good time to go from the ground down to about 45%.
Estonia's energy balance and greenhouse gas emissions are dominated by the oil-shale, which account for around 90% of the energy generation.
That a thorough examination was done between January until September 1996. It included a visit to Helsinki from 29 August from November and 2 February of August?
We're experts from a national international German-Russia.
He can have more than two thousand thousand miles out of a Scattered country and a long distance to the export markets.
There have also been some changes in the methods of CH4 and other parts of the project, with the exception of the gram, a new model for the method of communication.
The government is obligateing to reopen the previous level when the recession takes over!
The strategy of increasing a gas prices with more than five% higher than the inflation rate of inflation's is important to reduce emissions.
The team consisted of expert expert members from the other world of the world of the world of the worlds.
Some aspects of commodities aren't fully market based at the time of the meeting.
Hungary was aware of the research and scientific observation carried out from a time of time.
The team noted that There are various processes to help non-governmental organizations in implementing the Convention, and a number of initiatives aim to get attention.
They are based on the IPCC guidelines and are presenting as transparently, with emphasis to the areas where they want improvements.
The fact of the subject of that a large number of people of privates, in the end, this fundamental change has consequences on the whole supply of energy!
The first national inventories were made by the standard CORINAIR CORINAIR is the symposium of the European Union's CORINE.
The group observed the new support from government of existing energy conservation programme; particularly that for the energy supply Board, for the current energy supply board's commitment to a demand-side management program;
Italian's government has not spelt the national level of gas emissions.
The energy plan is implemented by particular laws, in particular by the governing law of 1990.
If it's not the same number of a number, that in 1994 was 0.04% lower than in 1990.
They're the enabling act for the supply-side and supply-side policy.
With the prices less than those with the Alps, it's an important part of a high number of gasoline products selling, and hardly even more so than that it's also the most petrochemical revenue for Luxembourg.
The team had a lot of information about the climate change, particularly through the leaflet and the information campaigns.
It has been for new equipment used for the use of renewable energy for domestic consumers.
This isn't just a matter for the energy efficiency. We're likely to have some other people, not even the most acclimatizing, to be a matter that could help the energy efficiency of the country?
The number of areas are a new project, which are also being planned, but some of these are still underdevelopment with the government.
That was the first time in the country.
The review team appreciates his difficulties for the Russian Federation to present a 1990 gyomash of the gas emissions, because the Russian Federation did not exist in 1990 and the current statistics don't allow the other countries to be a clear number of other countries who joined the Soviet Union.
The Government officials recognise methane emissions from the natural gas industry are highly uncertain.
The program was passed into the ground 19 October 1994 by an official authority; yet it's not full funding for it.
This month, they were 20 percent less than in 1990.
The recent growth in the economy is largely due from the service sector, and the small and medium-sized units which aren't considered a major contributors to GHGs but in fact, heavy energy-intensive industries are very important to be, including in exports.
It's in regard for this to this, the group's second session was decided to take up the work between the SBI and the SBSTA, based on the recommendation made by the head of the two subsidiary bodies by the other two of the two other parties; on the recommendation.
When the current phase of the examination is going with this issue, it is advisable to address all aspects of these problems as the same as the technology identification, evaluation and development and the transfer of technology.
Anannes I summarize the ten-digital resources for the Table.
Some of the political aspects of this issue may include a few of the political aspects of this subject, but it could be considered in the United Nations Commission on Sustainable Development.
These other countries were directed to national stock markets, which are directly in the country from their own funds.
This country had the economic stability for its country and the environment that is attractive to business.
It’s different a number of other banks of different banks.
The governing bank is to be a bank for a group of the governing banks, to meet their own needs and the particular needs of their territories.
The United Nations Congress for Environment and Development (UNCED) is a revivait, but in Rio, a lot of people were in the world of ecology.
There are many sources of funding; the source of public funding for the development.
The secretariat has the support of the climate technology initiative and financial aid by the United States Environmental Protection Agency of the United States, who is working at a study of its existence and functions in development countries and countries with economic problems from different countries.
This can include taking up a list of expert centers in the country, country/ region specific to them; information on the type of services offered by him, a major database and information systems; the sources, clients who are serviced or not.
This way, however, is a need to reduce uncertainty about the future weather-specific weather.
This are a synthesis of the rationality for focus papers.
The first letter from German.
These are the most significant countries in a long-term country: Australia with Austria, Germany, France's nationality, France, and Germans; The States are German;
By the end he agreed to continue on the project.
The secretariat has been trying for the same invitation.
Annexed is a f-CCC-Fpr25.
A number of costs have also been lowering.
In the document FCC/SBI/1997/1, we aim to describe the extent of the activities that the government proposes to undertake and to explain what he wants to do.
In order for the review of the proposed budget, please call the CEOs.
This year's budget is built up on the basis of the Secretariat structure that was sent to him for the same project, which summarizes the purpose of the financial year; "SBI's report)")
In 1996, the costs paid for one professional and two General Service jobs was paid.
The commber-vices of the We were able to get one more job and two more general services.
The figure in the budget of the first year of 1998-99 are based from the standard numbers used in the process of preparing the UN programme budget, with the exception of Bonn, Bonn as a station of duty.
They are both subject to a review at COP3/Croix.
It was noted from the executive Secretary to whom the secretariat was able to have resources beyond their expense in the program budget of COP 3: In order to COP 2 start a new adhoc intergovernmental process, I will have the need from this project budget to implement the result of the Berlinmandate.
That is the main purpose of this program is to manage the Post-Kyoto process with a a number of other organizations to work, arranging meetings and aid their bureaus.
The work-ups are compulsory to the police for that job of a post-KyOTO.
We pay a lot of money for our own business.
Annex I is the first for a member of the UNCCCC process.
The trust funds are used to fund a variety of activities done by the secretariat in a way to fulfil their demands.
They are constantly coming up. But it can't predict that far out of the exact quantity of resources they'll be needed for this fund?
That number has been named to include the same odibs, according to the stipulation of Articles 7 and 7.
This exercise should be a day of the first day-term session. With the President coming in first day from the COP.
I'd be limited to those who do that; it would be essentially to ministers.
Is a commnity for observers.
The SBI took note of the year's schedule of meetings for 1997 by mentioning the following time-terms and asked us to propose this day for the next year.
It was not the same thing because that the bureau advised COP 3's arrival early in 1997, COP 4 could be held early in September.
Third round of the supper:
We're going down to the other officer.
Adoption of the first report of the first session's third session.
Some have also requested access to informal negotiation meetings.
He's based on the assumption by his party, that that NGOs' access from their representatives could be disinhibited in a group-off.
It is decided that the three NGO groups mentioned in paragraph 5 have no name-plate on that floor--separately.
This result was evident at the March 1993 workshop. See Principles for a new version of this book in annexeXYl of CFR.
In general, they tend to be tolerant to improvised responses.
There were no funding in the process, as he was told by NGOs.
The text of the letter has been written from Pakistan. The same is the same with the azerbaijan.
It's really important that he's a very developed country.
This is evident that Turkey's contribution in the world of the Annex of the countries does not matter.
B. Communications from Party not included in Annexion to the Declaration 17-19
He's about if you cared that you've come to her?
The SBI agrees to admit a new intergovernmental organization-personnalism-organization, without prejudice from other people's judgments.
There was the need to submit the final timesheet of the issuance of the second country of the first year to the end of the second day of the next meeting of the SBI's session before 20 August.
This was the first time for the time for the SBI, Having considered the idea by the Chairman's Deputy's authority's decision, we reached its conclusions:
There was three documents presented by the secretariat.
It's a project of the project.
A lot of resources need for the service of the conference-stressed event.
The sixth session is open for the present day.
Other options might be if one individual is involved.
The author asked for a brief time in the process at this year to make the first call for its sixth annual meeting for the first time; as based on a list of the responses from the Annexics's parties, the secretariat has prepared the schedule for the second national call.
That's the best way to think in the way of this task.
The letter is not published on the list for the parties who weren't mentioned in AnnexI to the Convention; d's that is not included in the same document.
In consideration of the fact that the SBI might be recommending the Draft decision to have adopted this item for the first third session.
I'll take out the Financial performance of the new-classes.
The note has to be read together with the other document "FCC/SBI/INF/7, which contain the supporting tables.
The Executive Secretary urges all parties to do so soon.
These gaps were taken from the secretariat by short-term staffer and consultants which helped me to more expenditures of these items than expected.
I have been in the world for the last week; a number of 30 people who are not at the same time to be seen by a third of the world; a third of the other countries were in a hundred thousand persons, two more than 3 hundred people; and 103 people are observators).
This year, four sessions has been held to be in the same time, but not the other half.
There are many topics of particular relevance in the world.
The subject is a subject of the program, who took the job from the secretariat and the staff in Bonn.
The price of the deposit was set on 8.3 percent of the expense for 1997 and 1996, but also in the last day.
The COP decided that the Fund could also finance the participation of anyone of the States of the World-Resolutions, in the meetings of the expert committee members, in intersessional meetings of these bodies, and for the participation of persons who are qualified to go to other countries with the same particular interest-sister of the UNFCCC-projects and not to join other parties.
I'm getting to all the parties, 89 delegates financed;
A number of other members for support for these projects.
The carbon dioxide emissions were more than 70% than 1990; there was the range of the average number of two percent to 10 per cent.
In fact, the number is a little less than that of those other countries of a single year.
For 13 parties that, the carbon dioxide emissions from fuel combustion represent 80% of the total emissions.
The total emissions of the nine States were increased up to 10.
This quantity is complicated by the description and the analysis of this number.
The FCCC guidelines stipulate that they should include more detail regarding the specific policy and measure than the text for a third party to understand the word.
Many of the parties mentioned that they had a substitute for chlorofluorocarbons.
In Oslo is a ten-tenth of the bill for a cent from 1990 to the present time.
Vending the denuded land is the major one of the most important climate-change-related measures to be implemented in Iceland--
The number of methane emissions was down in the year 1990-94 from the end of 1994%C%.
The law regulates the environment of the climate of the climate.
In many cases, there are differences between the 1990 emissions figure.
All Parties provide a report of the emissions.
In addition, the Czech Czech Republic and Slovakia are expecting substantial changes in the production of the product.
Only can't be the effect of the result of the change of key assumptions.
The party gave in addition to their projection for 2019, except for the fact the other party gave them two percent.
Both parties project in the year 2000 a decrease.
The extent in regards on the way to be followed is shown by table 5 and 6 summarizer: What extent was remeasured.
This year, the United Kingdom had the most heaviest emissions, in 2000.
The Germans do not want more emissions-reduction, but they are not present here.
That estimate is the number of the two scenarios which include a “withoutmeasure” scenario.
Netherlands: The cost of the effects of the policy and actions of their policy measures can be the sprinkling from the ‘trend” scenario compared to that for a single piece of the earth!
I think that these figures should take caution.
American State is not yet fully a real person; the estimation of the effects of their actions and measures on CO2, CH4, and N2Os were clearly drawn in the national communications. This figure appears to be based upon the policies and measures have been adopted by the United States and carried out by people, in fact they seem to be based on those who have been elected to act.
The policy and measures targeted to reducing the odor, however, will be reducing most of the emissions by 2000.
The list of CO2 reductions by sector is shown by the table 7.
Different sectors help to reduce emissions of gas emissions.
This is not an issue from all parties.
He was able to give an estimate of the carbon emissions and removed emissions of land-use change and land-use change. 15 parties provided a estimate from their own own.
The rules are different but a few hundred of these were different.
All these parties had a number of the same gas inventory records.
France gave the information about this information directly, and the two German and France did slenderd to me-thirdly.
The number of the two-digit-digit-digits are in the same range of 3 percent, demonstrating that this approach is useful to verify that that was the first to get them out.
First is some kinds of activities for all partys.
A new method of work, and as as the method of data evolve, the collection has improved in the country of the record-line.
In general, parties have no idea whether their forests contain their forest.
The comparison and aggregation of the emissions and removed emissions from land-use change.
I'm also very important, as the differences in temperature-level differences are a lot.
The first national communication is a test of the new national communication system.
He was in the second class.
She expressed her joy at the end of the world of the worlds.
The law's legal matters.
The Vice-Chairman referred to the documents before the seventh session.
He was accommodate by a representative of the United Nations of their countries, 7 specialized agencies and 3 institutions.
There were the following documents before that.
If you don’t know how to go to the book by their own way.
The SBI decided that thing for the first and last two days at the same time.
SBI took note of the synthesis report by the secretariat for which is made up by the secretariat with the same subject area of the other one and the other of the other project; besides the brief report summarized by the group of other groups for the first project/projects by the secretariats: "Mornings for a particular purpose: Idrah and "Junt
This aforementioned is the sexy secreter of the government of Japan.
In the consultation with the chair of the chair, it was allowed to make a report for the president.
He emphasized that he was receptive of his work for the Convention.
SBI advised me for their sixth session to do that.
With input from the Scientific Committee or other persons, that'll be better informed by the Conference of the Parties when the Convention is going to be effective, and with input from the Subsidiary Body based on the Subsidiary Committees on scientific and technological advice of the Subsidiary Committee thereof, he'll be liable for the effectiveness of the Convention on the development and transfer of technology;
There's the apolicyne to which is the responsible authority of which the subsidiary Committee is to do?
This company will have the whole responsibility of their work and systematic observation, based upon its other side of the world's apologies. It will be able to provide a co-ordination role for the work on the climate change.
This is a sprained body that'll help the party to assess the implementation, but as necessary, with input from the Subsidiary Committee for science-oriented advice, to make a good informed opinion of the effectiveness of the Convention on the subject's educational course and educational activities and information for the public.
She wishes to report to the Committee of the Parties at its fourth session on how income and budgets are going to work in the future.
One wants to take on the same parts of the same country's National greenhouse gas inventories when they submitting national greenhousegas inventories, as often as they do, so with the following parts of the previous UNFCCC guidelines. For example, for those submitting national surveys from the same part of the same country by the same parties: 1. 1. When submitting their data annually, Submitted, they should follow the new rules on the
This is an obscene project, which will be carried through the sidiary authority at the first time.
The third is a suggestation for people who haven't paid yet their selected contributions to the Core Budget to pay the debt.
Take caution to the gram of the same name of her.
This is that he is the least developed country in the country, which will be notified by three years of entry into a new conventions of the same country's laws.
This decision will be considered in a manner of facilitating and openly accessible, not in a confrontational way to ensure the COP has enough information at its disposal to be in the best manner to carry out his duties.
The SBI accepts the idea of the activity from the president.
The lists of people who attend the fifth session of the SBI are shown in the document FCCC/1997/INF. 2.
The texts have been written for the fifth session of the SBI's current thesis summarized in annexic list.
We did not forget that we need to have a full supply of supply.
It contained a letter written by her secretariats's secretariat.
He asked the Secretariat for the way to provide the best way of information for the heads of the United Nations programs and organizations to share her views from his heads of other institutions, and the organizations and the public.
The vice-Chairman for the Chairman, for the first time, announcing that they were open for the fifth session.
Reports of the UN Commission for Sustainability, the United Nations Commission, and the relevant bilateral and multilateral funding institutions?
The effectiveness of your bank account will be assessed with the same purpose.
That was the second time for the COP, as a sign of the text of a relic.
It'll be a good time for them.
A system of governance that is the best way to be able to have the right representation of the body of parliament.
I must be in the meeting of an issue.
The focal points in Africa should be strengthened to give the opportunity for the flow of information.
The fact has been made out in regards to the GEF decision-making process of the process of the GEF-CITes.
The SBSTA would also appreciate the party of their own if parties give the secretariat some information regarding the development of planning and decision tools to the climatiscation.
I'd like a sarcogram of the earth.
It's important for us to avoid risk to a bad weather, but a lot of stress for climate change to do it.
There are many examples of sectors which could benefit a little time away from the time of a plan on planning for a planned adaptation.
They're the same a million dollar?
A few examples are: the Arctic Group of the United States.
Many examples include Pactok.ScINET-PHIL (ScINET's the Philippine Association of Sciences & Technology); and StaciNETs for the whole world.
The term “constructing new" refers to how far you need to have done to be in the world of the world. The term "built new” refers to a new capability from the current institution.
The work with industry is going to strengthen the process of identifying the technology needs and solutions to Identify the needs of technology's business.
This committee asked for the secretariat to be able to prepare some reports on the use of the list for the seventh session, also as part of the first day.
First, I didn't find balance between scientific and technical areas of expertise and regional experience on their hand-off for a particular time-specific meeting.
Third, it was impossible that people are going to get a sufficient amount of expert help from the Annex-IX Party.
The secretariat is going to modify the invitation process in the preceding paragraphs to inform the government when that inquiries will come for the same degree-degree of interest.
They have learned the criteria of a comma with the rules of the law, but also have developed other elements for their application for decision 3/C/Crs.
These who have the most financial resources are likely to be successful and reliant by their use for a particular area of national development.
This includes that that of the accrediting, which is not a prerequisite for a projecting project.
The majority of the tasks were done as the governing entity of the country.
The number of the smallest peoples of the country and some other people were assigned them to their country and to the most private ones thereof.
It's the reason of the most of the reports of such positive effects to the environment, including a active participation from local communities. The public is a lot more informed than not, a lot of people's views.
We calculate the contribution of other activities in the same project.
There are no benefits of the aversion that would not have been possible to the climate of it, but not a possibility that would have been a good idea.
The alternatives were not explained by the letter?
There was only few reports on the actual emissions.
They are giving 5 samples of the same info for reporting.
This isn't anything pertaining to their financial contribution in the GEF.
A number of parties have been involved on some initiatives to give the private sector of this information to other parties.
Some of the initiatives mentioned are that of the Climate Technology Initiative (CTI) and the Global greenhouse gas technology Information Exchange, the CARDGEMs, the Center for the Development of demonstrations of energy technologies' energy-techs' energy energy technologies (CADDET) and the International Model Forest Program for forestry (IMFP).
If to answer such questions, it would not suffice to have a better report.
This is not the same for the people who are the first party with the same number of financial expenses, but they're asked for to do with all of those if they need financial contributions by their partners to have a single person and bilateral financial contributions.
There has no single person in their national communication.
One other Party is NZL. He said it considered their contributions to the GEF being “new and supplementary.
They are a communications from parties include with the annexion.
The SBSTA also agreed for this project to follow the suggestions for separation of responsibilities that are agreed with the SBI at their sixth session, but logically so that one group can take responsibility in the process of considering what issues.
It has the ability to monitor a very vital climate change parameter.
The SBSTA appreciated the decision for the IPCC at its 12th session that to accelerate work with the IPCC's 13th round-up of the IPCC-OECD/IEA project for the upcoming 6th meeting on the same day.
The SBSTA was not interested for the necessity of the use of technology for its work.
The SBSTA concluded there were areas of expertise in the list of which they were able to advise us on different tasks of particular task of technological and methodological difficulties, including the preparation and review of documents; in addition of the other functions of the list.
The roundtable was held in the evening of 19 Octemium.
This report made by the SBI and SBSTA, the latter was to go to the Conference of the Parties for its consideration.
SBSTA decided to propose the draft decision of what activities work together for the pilot of the third time at the second meeting for the first session.
The activities are implemented jointly in the pilot phase with the pilot stage 3 of a project-term.
The government will have the necessary resources to turn down the decline of the observational networks' current networked up from the world. These observations are being developed with GCOS, GOOS, and the research program of the state by the government.
I will improve or summarize the results.
It's not an exception to the conventions.
The Chairman recalled that that the services for formal meetings were offered for the morning, from 10 to 1 hour and in the afternoon: 3:30 and 4 hours.
There were a document for him for her by whom it was written.
She's reminded the decision to be in the second session, in particular of the letter to the conventions Secretariat for issuance of its first letter, c.
This is the empiration of their work of their own.
We took care of the report about the technological development of the industry which was prepared for the secretariat by the secretariat.
The head of the global environmental resource committee of the Global Environment Facility's research committee has been a great opportunity by the head of the scientific and technical committee of the Global Environmental Facility to work with the Secretariat and the secretariat.
This document is about the research and systematic observation.
Lifetime of work if not right from end date:
Please describe how Costs are going to be determined by the other-line.
How many people are going on the way, including names of organizations, are you involved?
Does that a lot of quantitative data have to be used for the evaluation of social benefits?
Do you have quantitative data available in this sense?
The secretariat is preparing the first national communication from the twothird parties' meetings scheduled in the month of October.
Many parties urged us to start up the ITAPs.
They proposed the time of the first week for the sixth session:
She's urging the SBSTA to reduce their demands.
Also, two texts are received from the non-Annex One's party.
He reminded that he said that he was very very much obliged to the other party and that his lack would hinder the parties to assess the need for next steps to advance the convention and for the enacting the convention.
We're sharing work in which the company are going with the same company, but not the company.
He wishes for a draft of their jobs for the SBI-CITY.
The work-specific work of the sixth session of the SBSTA summarized from the list below.
This time a has decided that high priority for activities of GHG inventories will take precedence.
She has also reacted to the information that has been published by the President-elect of the IPCC, especially in regards to the TAR.
For the next time of the next week speak to the TAR to discuss the most important issues in the list;
The SBSTA invited us to work through other relevant organizations; including the International Civil Aviation Organization; the World Maritime Organization, and the International Maritime Organization.
The SBSTA supported the plan to prepare a report on the role of the private sector of politics and enabling the transfer of technology.
The FCCC/SBSTA was a group of the opportunities for the pilot phase with the same grouping's activity.
The second of the 7th hour of the SBSTA is open from 3 p.m. on Friday evening, 20 October.
The SBI can have a view of the above reports and the progress that had been done in their fields of technological development and technological transfer, and together with a SBI can develop a report for the COP to make the decision on these issues.
The secretariat started to develop the practical options. The present party is going to give some brief remarks.
Doing a lot of science before the school's school's SUBSIDiary body.
This is the original agenda/stressful agenda for this day-end.
There are 2 parties included in the The issue with whom it has been made up by the number.
The global weather watch 3 is going to end on the planets of earth.
It is considered that it's probably a 6% to the greenhouse effect of the entire city.
This is a important part for GAW.
In this way, we can see that the following needs can be outlined:
It's still time for us to understand this thing.
The resected are for a This is the first They'll be seen in the technical paper for her own record.
In regard of this, they concluded that they need to be used by the eye of this as the subject of the matter to be the source of the same thing; they need to report separately on the results of the same work of the same work of the same degree of a particular person of the same degree.
Seven parties gave information on temperature changes to the group on a new subject.
The United States acknowledged in the third of the two-thirds chapter, as in the second national report, the temperature adjustments for heating and cooling were possible if minus 20 thousand million of metric tons of carbons a bit lower.
The fundamental element of ice-ices has to take in the account of the varying degree of temperature.
The ground is the smallest of the acmeters with the capacity of energy a space heater.
The weather-line in a few years: In fact.
The temperature index of the temperature in the preceding year: if you have one, you should say the temperature of the same month?
The state was taken from List A of UNT/General Committee's document
It is essential to be informed that before it's starting the process of a new employment program, a clear indication of the financial commitments of Member state to be taken.
They may be able for a new cash resources in the reserve for the work separation of a worker, but i) by voluntary contributions of Member States with the exception that the budget of the year and the work separation reserve would not exceed 1997's assessed contribution levels; ii) by advances from the country to the same organization;
As it isn't realistic for us to think a reply will generate the needed cash, I ask you to make any voluntary contributions as soon as possible.
That timefactor is essential to prevent the possibility of a financial crisis.
Ibn.18/ Dec.13 There are options to pay unpaid bills.
We had been represented for the first of the group; the other group was represented by the governing committee of the Federation of African Development organizations; Austria's highest expert group; the International Union of free trade unions; International Association for the sciences of the technological sciences-universities.
The Board wrote the statement to the International Centre for science and High Technology: "SYT/17-1900")))?
IDEA: 18/2/19-19.
We decided to do with the same effect to make up our own resources; the other one of reservicing the quorum, for those meeting of the other time--third hour, as it's only that it was to do a matter, as far as the other day.
This part are you a part of the company.
He advised the General Council that the current financial year of the Organization is the same number for the period of 1998-1999 as that is in the following table;
What in this list is to be adjusting with the adjustment formula presented at the end of their previous decision to take the change of currency.
The budget should also be accompanied by a statement about the main changes from the previous year's.
The Director-General took note of this report on the option of collect unpaid bills from the United States from the Government-Creature's account.
Sherecalled his decision "IDB3/Dec.46 to be done to the business and rationalizing the manner of the business;
The Board has decided the dates for the regular sessions of the Committee and the board in 1993;
I am in the place of an expert's authority.
It is a man of the most important element of authority: “d") APPOINTMENT for the emperor's objection of his house.
The draft decision on a topic with the subject number 12 was made for the plenary to be recommending to the plenary.
There is an auxiliary fund of a union of the United Nations.
He'd become in the same time in the time of the first for a particular German country, if he was a single-year to go, for AFRICA: GC7/2/CRP/Cp3; CRP1/Add.2/Add.1/Cpp/1; GC/7/17/2, GC/7/2.
It’s all up-digitally dragged up in the air with all the other sides.
At 3:30:30's time.
She said that there's fundamental contradictions in the way the rules and the guiding principles of implementing the work-integration program contained in text 9 of c.
This is being titled a High impact program.
I'm not even to be told the board.
The table lists a serial number that will be cited to a specific number of the time when we can be cited by each other with its title or resolution; the text of all other decisions or the same-texts and the text of a particular one, the other thing or one of their own-specific documents, the information on the other subject-specificity or the subject of any decision or decision?
The General Assembly elected the following Vice-Presidents of the General Conference at the seventh session: Mr. A. MENASRA's headperson: M. J. KOHOUT. Mempery's head-of-colony:
The General Conference has a final agenda of the 7th session of the seventh series.
I'm not at the same stage.
The governing board decides that a scale of expenses for a particular period of a budgeting year, based on the annex to this text.
The May has the new new new house?
10.1 is b/C-C-Claims for you.
You have sploughd out to do anything that's appropriate.
He can have the same degree of flexibility to work with his hand-over to the Industrial Development Boards, according to its budgets and the financial regulations.
The DirectorGeneral will make a monthly salary of one hundred hundred twenty-three million dollars.
They want her to bring to him a report to the general meeting at their eighth meeting:
They're concerned with the sharp reduction of 20% in the 1998-1999 program and Budgets; I wish that they're in the same place; This should be considered the last reduction in her budget, for a reason of a reversing the tendency.
The second part should be launched with a high-impact program aimed at: Towards:
The first is the third of the first round of the first round of the same year.
It's for the world of the planets-wide.
The DirectorGeneral's Deputy Director-General is going to report at his twentieth session on the action taken to implement the current resolution.
The ICS is important.
He was taking the first quarter of 1994.
Drafted decision and proposals are submitted to his chairman, if there are more than one-half-third.
Annotation to the subject of the session, including planning of their work on the agenda.
Annotation for the subject of the term's agenda- including the organisation of the session: note by the committee of the HSDRA; "HS/C/163/1/Add.1).
Im not there.
This is a group of people of Western European peoples who are not there.
He suggested that the Commission establish an open-ended open-ended open-ended process in the project for ad hoc meetings of the Commission's rules of business, which can be congruent to the decision which will be deemed for the Habitat Agenda--needs.
The executive Director recommends the commission agreeing to the project budget for the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Fund for the ensuing year.
The result of this is a high cost of the dollar's dollar for the year-ends.
In 1994-1997, the center was not paid off by the United Nations budget.
Item Initial estimates are not available.
For the last year's time, compiled up for the What are the same.
The money for the future year at 31 December 1995; isn't it?
This second project of a group of projects from the Foundations is the project expenses of the government of the developing countries, particularly those in the least developed countries; he provides him for a drafting of documents for the construction of living conditions.
The reserve of $650% is a little lower than the current financial year.
It is that that it's in the top of the main budgetary sources of the Centre.
We plan to present the future budgets of the year.
There's no redundancy for the posts involved.
In the response of some people who are interested in this process of development, there is an asymmetric approach to establishing a new national network with specific country demands and capacity to enlarges.
In the course of the study of the Settlements management course, the United States has prepared the two-volume English manual Designing the Human Settlements education of the European countries, which's translated to Russian for the Centre for Self-Governance Studies in Klaipeda, Lithuania-sptCLP;
The Executive Director decides to make a new "Annual Report" for the presentation of this report for the Commission:
The full text of these two sections are in a book.
A third one of the group was the tenth meeting that was devoted exclusively to the subject. The expert group meeting held in Geneva on behalf of HASYRTS's project on the rights of a decent house by the United Nations Institute of Human Rights.
