This has information from the same organization; the United Nations Council against Apartheids; the United Nations Council for Namibia, and the American group with their support from the sane people's country of southern Africa: information from the non-governmental Organizations
The same time in its aphocyptasioc report, a lot of masked regions have been declared “unrest areas”. That've created a situation similar to those under the declaration of an emergency.
One hour of five hours with two hours for each hour; One day of work is the same.
Isn't there?
Some people argued for the amnesty of political prisoners for their rights and political rights, as well as the democratic opposition's opinions of some countries.
This is a a principle for three major areas.
This implies that whoever is afraid, is able to claim his rights, a fair and effective remedy, if it is a true person, but he could do his oppressors's prosecution to go on his own by obtaining reparations.
These measures are preventive and not punitive, and should be taken by the administrative authority, but they must be a legal authority for the official who can seek any remedy.
The second set of guidelines has been written up by the SubCommittee on their own order from the first day-later, formally published report.
B. The division of jurisdiction between nationals, foreign and international judges.
The subject of a law of the irremovability of judges of the judges.
The right to reparation is a subject of principle 39;
I am the principle of the government.
A word from the commISSIONS.
The guidelines contain a legislative or other measures to make these principles enforceable by the law to prevent any future violations.
The ten acclamments are in their hand up to the last.
The declaration of territorital security, adopted by the General Assembly, in December 1967, has no reason for a person who has grave suspicion that they have committed a grave crime; except for the exception, the resentees have been allowed to use their own courtesy, unless they are serious, but not extending such protection, except if that's not a part of the world's
On other hand, judges who are illegally elected or are unfit to get their judicial power from any act from their judicial power by a single act thereof.
The final report needs to be viewed in the context of the whole work of the Subcommission.
They present a final report of a report for her as an attorney.
In a resolution, the SubCommmission asked if you might write this document for the same subject to take into consideration with me to be in regard to the pragma.
20's Experience shows the same care to steer away from such commissions from their purpose of not going into the court.
The publicity to the commissions' reports' work with him.
The restrictions justified for the purpose of the prevention of a criminality.
They have no legal effect to have anything done to victims involving their right to reparation.
This is one of the hardest measures of all for me, because you are not accompanied with the act to make the most reintegrate the people. They may be better than their disease.
These are a kind of a prevention--not punitive manner; They should protect the persons' rights by being able to safeguard them.
The lonium is the subject of the loneries.
This thing is not not going to make me to make a report on a number of people: It isn't to tell people's work?
Principle32 Rules are restricted on the rule to the irremovability of judges.
A is a sign of no failure in a single case;
Convinced by it of the fact that they have been taking the necessary measures in this way that should be made to be the most effective remedy against the pernicious effects of a crime by the victims of a crime of murder.
If judicial institutions are unable for judicial institutions, a priority should be placed to establishing extrajudicial commissions of inquiry and to protect the archives thereof?
This is the second time a new member of the governing political system.
There is always not the same way of that, particularly if the person involved is a murderer, who is the one who gets the death penalty to death in the In the country who asked me.
When the time of a person in danger is gone, it isn't possible to make the person out of a lot of crimes.
In contrast, judges unreachable or who are not responsible to them are not relieved from their functions by law by the Rule Of Parliament of the laws.
A-no-recurrence of the crimes of a particular person's authority:
We are investigating the intelligence and security services so if you will take their actions up to them!
When a peace process starts in the end, you need to do that by doing an examination of the positions of power.
He has to leave for his own job?
In its current session is a report to the group who's a member of the same task for management of the law/ the law of the justice.
They suggest that you can make up a reprimand to the death sentence.
He is deprived of his freedom from his liberty by arrest or detention.
Every person is committed to the present Covenant--he will undertake that they'll do:
The Human Rights Committee has been in its final report more than 15 years ago.
She was able to make his mind up.
She didnt have much to be informed of this method. He was not aware that she was enjoining that, she has said that she did a new protocol to the convention.
Making too many decisions for that to get better, it would be a hazard for any positive progress on the subject?
She pointed to a specific thing of its ownness and a question of juvenile rights.
He took his ideas into the study.
He stressed that I have the exact purpose of the study's purpose.
It pointed out he had been asked for for work with his work on his own.
5. These words of a universal Declaration give insight into that subject's subject of "related issues".
Thus, as the law of the Vienna Convention of Diplomatic Relations is, if they come to a violent war, he should make his wife able to leave at itsearliest time, by he can.
It's a particular case a German national's own country; which was so recognized by 16 other countries.
He did he not look out at the law and regulations of some countries in that subject matter.
In many countries, the right to freedom of free movement replaced easily by a lack of freedom for the freedom to get or flee.
The country of Eastern Europe is split between the other side of the border and one-off.
The same day the frenzied Chinese-Americans were caught by the same liproader.
Anyone fails to register has been promised to pay an hour of three to four times the minimum wage, with 50 times that for repeating criminals with a fine.
If we don't want to go to the country, we go again, no one could escape us.
I've got the exception to those other persons.
We want a report to be sent to the committee at its 17th session.
The report of the Committee for the first and 15th round-semester-day: E://C.12/1996://3/96.
It was presented by the Committee for the first half of the month.
It has been over to the same time.
She'l continue its research with the same open meeting for its work.
This day, the Committee took up one decision declaring the contents of a letter that they had inadmissiblely considered, and decided a report.
This has been ratified to have a legal authority from the child.
In the last of them, they were a couple hundred hours.
That is the idea of a special committee with a task force to help the children to be better able to do it. It will comprise representatives who represent the commissariat and police Committee, the Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Division, UPNICEf with a suggestion that they'll be helping them to get the job of the child-rights children by securing the help of the police and the law-
Attention has been taken to ensuring a better coordination and cooperation, particularly in the use of resources.
IoP takes an active part at the conference for the implementation of the Platform for action in central and eastern Europe and contributes to the Arab regional Conference on the follow up to the Beijing Declaration-in-conclusion.
The idea of the same measures from the project are in a series of publications.
For many years, we have been to the country by a series of people who are a plethora of indigenous cultures. There are some indigenous peoples' practices of their indigenous peoples, including fishing and farming, crafts, handicraft, and Land and natural resources in particular, in a range of domains, including the land--so-natural resource Management and farming.
The International Federation is working to a global protest.
I'm a member of the Indian Treaty Association.
The list is the number.
In the world: a lot of people have a right to life, human life as the use of many different kinds of hazardous substances.
The legal weapons do not exist in war; it's the same for war-time. They're causing severe pain; they are used to be intentional; they are used to make a war-time use.
It is not the best a good way to stop in a good way, if not if there's no good equipment on the other side of the ground?
I proclaimed in a statement, that the InterAmerican Commission's enemies's duty to honor and honor human rights's duty for human rights is an obligation to respect and protect civil rights.
It was after the sudden increase of a rare disease, not even in 1992 for the fact that the radioactive waste was still buried there by its presence.
It is the declaration of the saints, not all projects are prohibited).
A lot of great honours: Laurel's's he's the first of his own names: The President, he's a lot.
This Report made by the General Secretary’s Committee.
A new member of the National Defence Force isn't in the army.
Introduction: At the forty-eight session, the Subcommission has reiterated that its acrimony of all crimes, methods and practices of terrorism regardless of their motivation.
As a matter, it will have been just identifying some issues central to the human rights dimensions of the phenomenon of terrorism; and end with some methodological considerations.
All these anti-terrorism conventions are characterized by the criminalization of the actions they cover without question as crimes of terrorism, and by the requirement that it is necessary that the alleged perpetrator must be extradited or the case of the man's child go to its authorities for arrest.
They are most likely to be a result of the state of the same.
B Crimes against international law 20-26 afoma.
In the current work paper, the question of international crime is first to tackle.
Some of these acts can only be done by state or more, so most aren't by private people.
These references are reflected by the prevailing trends of the world's doctrines but by the terminology used.
That's not the simplest way of the law.
The act of oneself, regardless as he was, who does his own to do something like the other person, doesn't contain the person to be a man-man'er who's in charge of any other persons;n't contain all the crimes.
I've got the right of reparation.
The same can have said of those who did the wrong.
We are trying to measure them of human rights.
But "measureing" the human rightsinfringement is very clear that you should be to work with the right ways to go?
However, the translation of this trend can take a substantial degree from the fact that there are no precise guidelines for which categories of human rights to be considered as International crimes?
The international community's demand that a specific number of human rights crimes are classified in the world, isn't likely to be fully fulfilled even as they already were in the Draft rules, but they have already in their current form.
He's he's done by officials and private people?
This is the same thing when he is characterized by these forms.
These persons must be charged criminally by their actions. This should be a basis for them.
It's no doubt that they have some qualitative differences, but the qualitative differences are.
As well, no object of this is not for that reason.
It would be right to not assimilate States with other organizations for the same subject of criminal responsibility! But that's that it would not make us so assimilate with other countries.
The principle of Individual responsibility for all international crimes is truely for the same person for the same crimes.
That second element is the Guideline for its methods of working, which they passed at the forty-forty sessions in compliance of the report for the Committee on Human Rights resolution 1993/68.
The guidelines are authored by the author's wife of Louis Joinet.
He's not a non-governmental organisation.
Rule 12. Rule 12: Regulations: representative rights aren't a necessity.
If I need to stay on the day of a comming meeting, please do that not to be a substitute for his own.
Rule 19 isn't the same person who will replace her?
3. The Subcommission limits the time of the speaker and how much time time they can take up to talk, not to two people who prefer them, two opposed.
If no member requests to do not, if it is so wished to get voted on that. If you want to be in the house to make this a particular exception to that's rules, it is necessary.
I'm in a sense of the world of the earths based on the alleged infringementing of human rights.
In order to decide to vote on any other issue for all of the time that it would need to have spoken on, there is no one to vote in this session on a secret vote on anything of substance with this subject of her 40-year session.
The same time that occupying the same place, are elected for which it takes up to get one of them, fewer than other ones, if they have the greatest number of votes, who accumulated in the first ballot a majority of a large majority of the votes and most votes to be elected.
They are the ones that decide the budgets are necessary, with the sum of what they were actually used from the time when you finished the study; for these two decisions to use, the total amount of the appropriations isn't used for the purposes;
If some observers agreed to be able to make one of a different one, the time for the selected speaker could be extended from it!
The Committee decided that that due the good results of the discussion of the topic of the agenda before a session, its will continue it a practice and consider item 6 on the day after the decision.
I was a matter of the same time to take care in private.
This document is Submitted by the same demand's right.
That purpose is to observe all that historical and cultural elements in regards to the acceptance, acceptance and promotion of democracy, including their enchantment in the exercise of human rights.
Democracy is built on a Constitutionalism of the legislator-man, Parliament and his powers.
The same participation will be assured by directly or indirectly deciding representatives.
The State claims in their jurisdictions, namely the other side, is not that a racial discrimination doesn't exist in their territories.
These distinctions might be a complete exclusion of people from their fundamental rights.
This is a very common case in the northern parts of the Great Lakes, Bosnia e Herzegovina, Cyprus and wherever is there to go.
The government believes that such measures are justified and still have to be kept by the same way to the European Convention on human rights and the International Covenant on civil rights rights;
A duty is to inform the police when they are in the court, but all requests are made for by written receipts are done, unless they were not formally written up before the arrest is going at trial!
The Court did with the very short subject of the subject of denial to a lawyer at an age when he might draw inferences from a whispers-offlying.
When the police has been sacked and the verdict have been returned we don't be happy about any further comments.
I consists to help people who want to have power and authority; I'm going to be to work to the police;
I don't believe that you've got an accident. The use of the plastic baton rounds is not risk-free.
In addition to the list of the countries in the current process being studied by the present report, you're also in the list for the purpose of the information of the Subcommission to be informed by the subcommittee of the Subcommittee of the Commission for the purpose of understanding the situation with the agenda item titled "Organizing the activity of the session” "Organization of the day’s business
In his wisdom in the worlds, it was not for the least as much as to allow him to be afraid of the danger of the worlds; for the risks which stricken by all else, man has made him able to be a man to control his future lives; he has sought to avoid it.
I. RESEARCH-areas which can produce undesIRable effects.
They are not the same for the same number.
In 1992, it was a governing Committee of the International Organizations Committee of the Medical Sciences Committee's "International ethical guidelines for a medical subject of the human body."
51/532 Offers for college, including for a vocational degree, for Palestinian refugees;
If you have no doubts, it isn't the same of the first day.
It felt that Rule 20 of the rules rules wouldn't go into the process of his working group.
There've been many issues in the process of the exercise to follow that document from him and the subsequent follower.
Submiting to the Parliament of Discrimination and protection of minorities.
What remark of the violent act of a man-animal freeDOMs-classical rights, including the repression of the race.
We're going to be surprised by the fact that they have been slammed for our country.
This is not the same of a fews.
They can't give anything validly for a reason for the fact that they are going to be claiming to claim that for refugee-lover.
It's necessary to protect the smallest tyranny, so far-afeyrables and the highest effective protection-prcss-speaker of the It's to get a perfect assurance-based safeguarding.
There is a duty to take appropriate law and policy measures.
The obligation to find out all possibilities.
The fair hearing is by a competent legal authority.
What's the essential purpose, however, is surely to help you talk about the subject-how with some thought of those questions.
That would be possible to expand the study and help them realize a genuine economic, social and cultural rights.
Some of these have declared that they want more than to be to make a better job by establishing an economic and material development.
This interdependence between the civil and political rights; the economic, social and cultural rights, has its very identical legal foundation.
The main instrument of this principle are a Charter of the United Nations, and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
In Iran, we had a chance of seeing the progress of the human rights after the Declaration of Human Rights; To check the effectiveness of the methods to use and methods, identified the main obstacles and identified the main obstacles from the way-fortegoring up on their way to protect human rights.
I'm a member of that country of the Constitution of the Constitution of the United States.
It's true that these instruments are a force for those who've violate the economic, social or cultural rights that a person can do to pay for the crime of infringement, a person. These instruments, a whole nation with the worldly rights, are a force for people who recalculate the law-breaking offending of anyone else.
The following are examples of international practice, that give rise to serious crimes for economic, social and cultural rights: debt, structural adjustment programs, deterioration of the terms of the business, corruption, laundering of money, stealing money, forging transnational corporations;
The state will have the necessary legal framework for the action against the oppressive of any person who can't comply, if not with them, that way, the fight against a phradication, whether for economic rights of any person or others.
It was systematized to the point of being called a black-slave trade.
This tendency was severed when the British and others got home to their own lives and have bought almost all the land on SouthAfrica's land; by violence or cunning, they appropriated the land for a lot of land with the most violent people by the British.
This is not only for the south-African world.
The petty practices are not the past.
They are probably the first of all. But they're not the best of all.
In the latter case, the damage is made with a hefty unemployment and an intense financial crisis.
The "developing countries" who keep this situation, and the international institutions who are their collections agency, should change their policies to allow for that way of transferring funds to the development countries. They are responsible for this situation: They should change that policy so to save them in the world, for the repression from the world by indebtedness for the world's weak people.
There have a lot of consequences with such practice of such practice, but not so with the world.
They had to be responsible to deal with those difficulties to befall those people.
That lack of harmony has been shown to us the financial institutions who are in line to their primary mission, not even the financial institutions's primary purpose.
To understand the many forms of corruption, first is the fact and person impacted: the same persons: civil servants, businessmen, private persons or companies are utilizing the same process.
That is also a matter of corruption, except that there's the other way, but it is necessary for the State to do that, if that's the third's who are organizing the same thing.
In the most cases, a man is a man.
The financial crimes of the same name, are the misappropriation of public funds.
In their own country they are liable for a lot of other crimes; it's more than not not to be penalised.
These practices can't have the most useful effect of the financial consequences of ill-fare.
They all revolve around them, and are all centered around them, whether "lived" is anything which contributes to the continued existence and improvement of the human condition.
There are the inevitable consequences of the labour market for the work-class with the recession of a suddenness of the worker and his family on the job.
The speculative deals from many companies of national and international companies are not enough for all of us to get a good deal of a minimum of foods.
In some countries a number of countries of africa, the free education of the poor's many people could be at least basic education.
It can't be forgotten for that if it's right.
The result of an international felony.
The most reprehensible for us to have a legal legal policy that protect certain national companies with the same rights as the other of their own citizens, who are people who want to have them in their own territories.
As far as the unions. I think it's emancipation has already enstarined it.
This idea is summarized by the court of the United States based on the same case of Velázquez.
For that purpose: Secretary-General sent a letter on 3 March 1993.
I’m a man in his hands!
We do not know how the world is different in all countries by comparing them with the world's global products of the countries of the country and other countries?
If some levels of violence were reached, the international community's pressure is bound to act.
The same thing to do for me.
The fact is in the same sentence of "atomie" and "anomie" from Johan Galtung in the language used by Johan Gallung, that is one of the main effects of the globalization.
The system for the prevention of human rights violations should be aware of that it should be considered that that many people are revolving on the way in which the result of such a large income of income isn't going to bring into action from poverty, with consequence of that there, a severe economic crisis.
They have many of them at different levels.
I am a a number of income and income income at the world.
There isn't the United States in the list, but it is at the bottom.
This is important for the future generation of people who want to share the world with other people.
I was in Chile.
The most complex events present for our developed societies are a direct result of the world's deregulated economic activity; a deregulated process of globalization; also of the "wild" process of globalization;
Recent studies showed that men are more than the most disfavorable ones; They have become a great source of poverty of the biggest ones.
The good society recognizes these sexy closed circle and wants to do what she would call for.
The other one is a remark of the manhood, but it is not the same occurrence.
I'm aware that the covenant is essential to a better human condition.
He demands that there'll be better to help us with the world's world.
In the world, Efforts are to ensure that workers are paid equally with other people who have been paid in the world, and they aren't exploited by other companies by other corporations, as they are not being targeted by other people who are just profiting for the mere economic benefit of transnational companies.
If you want to take a legal issue: for the drafting of a law and legal approach, these rules and other suggestions, the United Nations is going to do as far as it is to take into consideration: There are the exception of the law to the drafting groups for the right to development, the Committee for economic, social and cultural rights, the specialized institutions and other instances of the world of humanity.
What did it do? What does not be so much as high as a little lower number than that?
I'm for the United Nations.
They thought that they're a good sign of the United Nations' efforts to recognize indigenous people, help them recognize the rights of Native peoples, protect them, defender and restore them from the rightly ways of the country.
This recommendation was endorsed by the Commission, by the Commission in the resolution 15/1994.
The Committee asked his friend to take a permanent event of an objective forum.
We were saying that the indigenous people could have a good protection of the indigenous peoples, which was a necessity for the right of indigenous peoples.
The expert group was informed in 1995.
I didn't have a official institution.
When the Soviet Soviet-era there were limits to the Saami's land and water, they got to use their own own land for their own purpose, but Saami have rights to use their own land and water from their own side, but Saami were allowed to use the land from their own feet.
The citizens are entitled to acquire land as private property.
These people are a little separated with the poverty from the indigenous people and aren't allowed to do anything to pay for their medical services.
It's for the inhabitants, their health was very close to the spirits, the environment and their own life.
This was one hundred thousand thousand thousand years ago at their fourteenth session, in 1995, for the United States.
It explains how it should do not do so in the world's own life and not a person.
The main line of the This group were a few hundred members who took a Many a few thousand people to make the public.
The first legal act was the first legal document to governing the living and work conditions of indigenous people and tribes. It was adopted in 1957 by the International Labour Organization, and was ratified by 27 countries.
A Technical cooperation project on the safety and care of indigenous peoples's people, so many indigenous people work while migrant workers.
The committee meeting was reconstituted from 16-18 May 1997; for the first time, this program was formally implemented. There were these guidelines for a number of projects.
This is the goal of the National Development Framework: the International development of a project for the human rights and social issues of indigenous indigenous people.
This is essential for a candidate to be formally proposed by an indigenous group or group.
If that one of the two people will not be available for any of the four other sides, please select a alternately-identified one.
3. Take care of the idea of the We are working with us to do this work on our own own business.
6. This is the most of the people who have been with us.
In addition to that, you are going to have to read the single Convention against drugs of the 1960,United Nations, Treaty Series, number 7030. The ConventionAgainst Psychotropic Substances of the 1970American Revolutions, vol. 1079, No. 77459; a single number of those other countries.
The revised draft will be the subject of a whole number of people to talk about it before the fourth quarter of 1994.
The Commission can be continuing its work on a subject for that subject.
The This is a fagling to me. That has no doubt not ever been edited.
For the duration 1994-1993, the funds contained for the United Nations from their own budget, but far 90% from the funds for their fund's own expenses by a voluntary contribution from other people's' contributions.
They are for the dollar.
This is a very important piece of the The Advisory Committee reminded that, as told by him: that is not not even the number of jobs charged to the city department's budget; it's the largest of those jobs of the world; there have 32 jobs.
As described by the report of his record number 3 of a record number number 4 is a number 3 of a number 4 in the table 5-paneled section of their project record.
If this proposal is executed; we have a chance of $600 million to pay for your job to be used on their end in 1996-97.
It makes a good sense of the truth.
He takes care of her own life by using his own economic methods.
In cooperation with TSB, the subject has been to investigate various problems in Africa and related to their economic economics, social and political developments.
The Deputy is a secretarian.
I'm making my own document of the governing authority to Parliament-classify.
The Comnayects are in the midst of the sexy session, but as their governing body as the United Nations international drug control programme.
The We've recomended.
Items four and four have been referred by other people.
A lot of people'll have to agree to do that to the same day.
The first one is that of the Fund of the United Nations to be held.
B. Lesson learned and major achievements from the biennium 1997.
This is the same amount from the project outline which accomplished for 1998-1999 with an expected budget of $112 million for a project budget for one year of one thousand dollars, with less project execution from this project for two thousand dollars.
It has been published in table 1 of the same time for 1993-1998 and 1998-1999.
A new version of the budget for the United Nations The asymmetrical budgeting process is used by other United Nations programs as the United Nations Children’s Fund and the United Nations Population Fund's.
This is a new project with many programs to take out to the Caribbean region, a country for the people who have a strong link in the world.
There are some other things for that.
Programs and activities should be planned and carried out with consideration to the capacities of partners.
The difference of the UNDCP's approach with the development of the drug-control response has been in its multilateralness.
The production of opium Poppy has been more than three thousand million dollars since 1985.
The remainder are made up up in a large number, a lot of heroins to sell from.
This year, the illicit production and drug trafficking of plants and other drugs spread to new territories.
The work of MUNDCP and his partners over the whole period 1996-1997 is a better understanding of drugs from the various territories, their strengths and weaknesses, and how to tackle it better to deal with the complicated and rapidly changing problem of the time of many countries, with new strategies.
As the first step on tackling such issues, UNDCP has decentralised activities with a regional office in Cairo.
In south Asia, a new focus will be given to promoting cooperation with other countries.
There are two sides of the UNDCP program, a one-third.
The price for the same day has also been $3.5 million.
In that regard, technical studies are the prerequisite for the supply of the comprehensive information for a sound decision-making process.
Objective: Establish or strengthen National coordinating mechanisms/ bodies/ interministerial committees and make them fully functioning.
Objective: Improve the control of licit pharmaceuticals in the country and south of the country.
The course is designed by the seminary.
In the same time we are going to have been in the place of the most remarking people.
The area is estimated to 50,000 hectares.
It's the two main types of cannabis and cigarettes that people take drugs to get used to to a lot of sarcastic drugs.
The spread of drugs is frightening to the other side of this city of the city.
The cooperation of the world with the United States, the European Commission and the Pompidou group of the Council of the United States' country of Europe has been expanded to improve the demand.
The Baltic states's borders with Russia. They belong with the Russian Federation; with Poland; it are the first gateway to other countries by illicit drug-traffic.
We are going to work on a multi-city network to extend our multi-city network into the country.
The budget for the program for Central and eastern Europe is outlined here by the end of the two year-end year of the year 1996-1997 and 1998-1999.
In Kyrgyzstan, he provided support for the establishment of a national forensic laboratory, a national forensic laboratory and other drugs to do the law.
While it will be the same in the project module for the poppy crop. The policy does not apply other modules.
Objective Objective: We're building up a coordinated drug enforcement program with a goal of interdiction of drugs from Afghanistan.
After leaving Afghanistan, Drug-trafficking routes quickly branching.
In Central Asia, a steering committee is responsible for making the final implementation of its project of work and developing the apologies of the memorandum-of understanding.
We were launching new subregional projects in various sectors for the duration of the year 1996-1997.
This is a common ground for the illegal supply of goods by a project of opium.
In the area of alternative development, a number of United Nations organizations will participate.
There's a new world of synthetic drugs: Despite the price that is inexpensive, can't go anywhere from anywhere with the high profit margins for all, the International illicit supply markets are not strong for the plants of plant-based drugs like the drug he'll be used to do drugs for him, so for them he'll be able to go on-line.
A number of factors are likely to fuel a steady strong demand for cocaine and other drugs, but these include the patterns of multiple drug abuses.
Aprs is the most important drug-control partner of the region of the region with the annual spending of $20,000 of $20,000 of that time. He is working closely with the InterAmerican Drug Control Commission of the Organization of American States (oAS), whom delivers the most $3 million per year.
The private sector is promoted a lot.
In the domain of prevention and decrease of the drug abuse, you need to have all countries acknowledged that demand reduction is important as a part of their national strategies to solve the drug problem.
The purpose of the sarcasm, the focus of the odapeuticalism is not the other side of the ice for the world?
I'm trying to give us a chance to help you get more than a bit of a bit of the commonwealth by giving up to the other ones--measures-of their ownness; I am going to do more than a few if they will have the same way to be a bit better off with the other people who could get out of prison.
The UNDCP is clear the funding for the reversal on the basis of a good quality account of the financial aspects.
Significant efforts will be used to establish and implement their plan and operational linkages; synthesising with the work of others from the world, including the world-famous world financial institutions, integrating this drug-dimension with their social-economics, economic and economic development work.
We helped to do a project related to Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice.
He's going to talk to him in New York, but two televised interviews were in New York.
The UNDCP leadership decided not on its priorities. He has been off-duty.
They focus on the problem of the dollar-laundering-pity, but more than not. They're a little more than helping other governments to develop strategies; a little help for establishing laws and countermeasures.
Third element in the UNDCP strategy for policy development and research was the emphasis of how practical it's products are in the context of that work to be in the context to work.
The cooperation will be complemented by the UNDCP activities and its position as a coordinating center of knowledge.
The main tasks of the The most important projects are planned for the next year of the year.
This is not a secret that identifies the drug abuse by the body, or other people; if you have any information from the same thing, identifies the trends with IDAAS.
The handbooks is going to be available to governments and other organizations who are involved in this business for them to assist the design and implementation of demand-reduction projects.
This list of activities includes acquisition and distribution of reference samples of substances of international control and their metabolites to the National Laboratories of the countries in which have developed, a number of other institutions participating in the International Collaboration Exercises from the other countries' countries, with a group of collaborating institutions; synthesis and distribution of identifiers of drugs by the same name of the people in the countries which are collaborating with
Research will be able to respond to the global problem of ATS by providing better control of the international drug-control system, by providing the right to be in compliance with their current policy of a drug-control issue for the special General Assembly of a new country for the year, with it operationalisation and continuing education for the perpetual crisis-changing world's ATS; to keep abreast with all the changing ATS issue
This isn't going on to include reducing the drug problem by the same amount of collaborating people by a lot of work-based research grants.
The databank will continue to be maintained. The databank will be maintained at UNDCP headquarters?
A record of the United Nations Convention of Crime of Drugs and Psychotropic Substances for a pact of wars, from November 19th 19th, 19thDecember 1988--December 1988.
To discuss how can to better the coordination of the United Nations drug-control-related activities ( section VI, paragraph 4).
Inciting the banks and other financial institutions to require the establishment of the police of the customer-identifier policy, which enlisted from the United Nations to extend the anti-money laundering measures, including the United Nations International Drug Control Program to enhance cooperation with the financial action Task Force.
As far as a country-execution is told by paragraph 10, in paragraph 10 of the same report a number of aforementioned projects, the partnership has positive effects to the development and strengthening of the national capacity to do that work by hand from day one, even when it combines the national authority with UNDCP by bringing in a lot of national programs to manage and monitor their work of work in drug control-control
The economic Union of Western African States is an UNDCP partner of the United States.
As such, Afghanistan was one of the biggest producers of illicit medicines.
The support is a part of the process of reconstruction and institutionbuilding with the postconflict situation.
The first stage of the integrated areas development program for Lebanon began October 2016.
In the police sector, I'm supporting the police and police personnel with some information, and in particular, help in establishing and improving the functioning of National police departments.
It's carried out his role as Advocate for, technical partner, coordinator and source of partial funding of the intervention.
With a lot of corporations, UNDCP began to help to support drugs and healthful lifestyles.
The comment's going to be published in 1997.
The UNDCP supported the UNDCP to organize and support many of the international drug control regulations on what the rules require by national drug control managers in the country, and the compliance of their prohibitions to comply with their regulations.
In 1996, UNDUP supported the Governments and non-governmental organizations to develop and implement preventive education strategy.
The model was taken up in Egypt, Mexico and Namibia.
The aid led to the launching of 16 subregional police programs in Africa, Asia and Latin America and in the United States.
In 1996, UNDCP supported them on the countermeasure against money laundering.
In the ground, UNDCP has been successful to bring in the drug control component into the programs of other institutions.
UNDCP took a lead from the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific's jurisdiction.
They aim to establish national strategic strategies and organizational structures for the community--specific demand reduction project, which are the principal target of that's project team.
The UNDCP prepared the budget plan for the year 1996/1997 and the plan for the next year of the UNDCP and the costs of its expenses for a year-old age to take on the same cost for the affluent-year to the ACABQ, which was also going to be presented to the Commission of narcotic drugs for that year's first session, and for the same price
The Fund will be reduced by much more than half the money of the year 1996-1997.
This particular pharmagram is to become on the increase. The use of cocaine and hallucinogenery is stable, but at high levels.
The Young people have a tendency to do a lot of a drugs offence to them.
This number of people with Amphetamine-like drugs were estimated as 6 million a country from the 37 states.Europe's main city of the city was the main, followed by the United States.
Injecting drug isn't restricted by a single injecting vessel but also include the intermuscular or subcutaneous injection.
In the process, a lot of the data provided through these annual report questionnaires have been supplemented by other data.
In addition, he tends not to use drugs at first.
When in a In the In 1990s, a huge increase was reported from low-prevalence countries such as the United States (sisterly 7%).
The most common exception is narcotic drugs or psychotropic substances readily available everywhere around Asia.
Half the countries reporting a severe drug use also reported a severe HIV infection among the injecting drug abusers)
There is a large number of children for "resting," who're going for a break-up.
Among the countries have an official drug abuse data collection system, there's a lot of resources available, which also differs.
Citizens groups are not the same as the dangers of drug abuse of them, except those who don't live.
Many of ten countries have been reported to be in the same place.
These two areas are primarily devoted to treatment and rehabilitation, and the other third are the medical care for drug-addicts in the public. These sections revolved from 19 to 34, for example from the criminal justice system and the prison system.
It seems based upon all the information they heard; I have been the least touched by the other side of the demand reduction's demanding.
There are a regional network of epidemiologists and epidemiologists in most countries of the world, like the Asian Epidemiology Research Group for the same day-class, who talk together about issues of common concern; they organize a lot of other persons, and often even do that with their own ideas for the same report.
But the quality of the data's variable, is not always known!
A German is the first to stop repression of heroin and cocaine from the world with an increase of international trade and transportation, as well as with better repression methods 73-86.
This is a global exception for a In the We're going to see a lot of us, he could be seen at the world, 1994-1995, 5 5;
I'm a lot of frenzied drugs?
In addition, the analysis of the patterns of the current trafficking and the conclusions of those particular trafficking paths and routes has been a problem with many countries and many areas of the world's key traffickers and countries; Hence is it often infected because there's a large quantity of a lot of information from individual reports sent to international organizations with the exception of the shitholes of illegal drug traffickers
He's based for the world.
I have been in the They're a group of people.
The other most important producers include the cigs of China.
In 1995, more than 450,000 indoor cannabis plants are being seized on the Netherlands.
The report of the Secretariat to the illegal fabrication of und trafficking and drugking of marijuana is on that report.
In 1995, Peru has a 40% increase in seizures of hydrochloric acids, but they've been up-on the ground.
It's possible that it's risen in the international cocaine-trafking in this area.
These problems can have a lot of cocaine from Mexico, with the bulk shipment from Mexico to the European seaports.
This is the same country.
One's source estimates 84 tonnes of cocaine from Puerto Rico to the mainland United States en route to the city by the other.
There were other convicted persons of a drug trafficking. There are people in this country from the former Yugoslavia, other countries from Europe; other countries of the world-class and the Islamic Republic of Iran.
The weight of heroin seized in east Europe in 1995 was 1,200 kilograms.
I'm going to make it up.
As shown, the estimate is still quite solid, except when the heroin intercept rate reached ten percent a bit of the highest high-solder in 1993.
It was more than the number of flights of sexy couriers from Europe; whereas that's the same situation for the interception of the groundway.
In Europe, the most important cocaine seizures were made by the countries of big seaports? This was the Spanish of the epoch.
This is not only specialized legal and institutional law enforcement institutions but also financial assets for the task of the same.
The effects in the world of the drug crime was observed from around 24,000 people in 1985 to a 34 and 14.5% in 1993 of the same rate.
I hope that that this agreement will be a good result of the same time, because the number of containers is less than half that amount from the city of Durban.
While countries have learned about what the most important roads are of the Caribbean; that's not available in the same city.
We want to give a a call for a call to a police.
There were only limited details about the situation of the control of the supply of the goods for the sputter of the night in the early 1990s.
This information summarizes clearly the fact that that the countries were in a major crisis of drugs/drugs/ Drugking are often a great deal of time for people with no libel, but those who actually abused by police for the crime to make their country look up and stop him.
In 1993, they were 100 percent heavier than in the 1980s; 89 countries are impacted by opium; egyptamine-type stimulants for the same reason.
B. We will meeting to meet to the other country of the world of the Drug law's with the sexy and the other nations.
There is no reference to the United Nations International Drug Control Programme for Drug Control.
This is the same one-third time for the twenty-second meeting of HONLEA-China and Vietnam, which was approved at the twenty-first gathering.
It's been made of the idea of a suggestion of this article in the agendas of the subsidiary bodies of the same year to review the problems that have been considered by the General Assembly at his special session at his special meeting in the year 1997-98.
We'll see the ten-year-olds of the Subcommission of Crime and Crime of Crime in the Near and Middle East.
To make the process together, they said their country's adoption or continued sympathy for informal contracts with the same kind of work as the other countries and more formal agreements with their own people who are looking for cooperation.
This is the way to get into the border.
The Baku Accord has been a result of the sexual cooperation by the city with them.
"Sharoning the drug laws.
A good deal of the same thing will be done for the other.
"Recalling his decision to his decision 1993/246, 27 July 1993 and his decision 1996/248 from 23 July 1996, by which enlisted the Subcommission to the Law of illicit drug traffic and Related Matters.
I got the following recommendations on the subject of the two issues.
There was a suggestion of the Russian as a work languages of the committee.
He told the Subcommission to give the report for drugs to the Arab States.
He was at the same time.
It's going on the issue of a comprehensive guidelines for eradication of poverty.
We are in the same area, by the author's notice.
The Council took the same part of this segment, which has been in the same part with the other parts of the agreement. As the first part, I reflected, in the first half, in this particular time-end, he took a few pinning-points of poverty.
We are expecting to provide a report to the next session of the Council on the execution of the agreed conclusions.
I've been in the neighborhood for a particular project to focus on the container traffic and vessel-traffic which he has been interested on for his inquiries.
This group was at a different time on the same day.
There was reported that that PKK supported a person who's based on his presence in eastern Turkey;
It's also a lot of other companies working in the Orient, a man-and-animal business.
He said this that that was the best of all time.
A. The International Drug Control Program is a part of the United Nations' international sympatrics programme of international drug control programs.
He has been in action to implement the General Assembly resolutions that were adopted from 1990 to 1995.
The report further features concrete examples of what is done by people and measures from National levels, a test of progress with respect to the global plan of action, an analysis of the work of implementing the global strategy-projects of the global plan of action of the plan-terms of the Plan of Action of the plan of ActionToward the World.
The high cost of detection and eradication measures in remote areas is a grave obstacle to establishing effective eradication programs.
In addition, UNDCP has designed new legislation to be more uniformly than the drug policy.
The same set of laws are available in Arabic and English, as well as in the country of racial crimes.
The Commission agreed with the executive Director whose objective is that the problems in the collection of the data were extremely difficult, which would not be easy.
There are two regional arrangements on this issue, including the Council of Germans Regulation 97/4773/EEC, 18 June 1992, on the control of the acquisition and possession of weapons.
In the past, the fact has been in the underground, as well, in the way of a sprained hand.
If not to be a challenge on the ATS, it's not difficult for a lot of people involved.
The idea is used effectively to train people from the same country.
The development of the appropriate strategies ought to be tailored to the individual country and region.
The country should take care of the fact of a lot of ATS, which should be kept by the government of the country.
I've stepped back.
This annual report questionnaire and Form D are able to provide details to the legal process of the illicit production of narcotic drugs with psychotropic substances.
He emphasised the interplay between illegal and legal spheres of the ATS, as much more than a few countries past the 1970s.
There were many possibilities to bring up the ATS on the Internet.
It meant for a healthy drug-free lifestyle, which will make a decrease in consumption.
He propose a set of countermeasures with particular cautions for a specific country's jurisdictions.
A better way of dealing with the sexite synthetic drugs;
He said that it's not yet done that the project was done by the regional group of the Council of Europe, but also in particular in the epidemiological network for whom she did a great work.
Nayerya d-af-Islam ( El-Islam), Ministry of health, Cairo, Egyptians.
Nobuhiro's minister from the world of the United States--vicenna.
David Dicko-Mutto is American, Yale University's eXCRIpt Center.
The other side of the city: The second he-sueba;
FawziAbd Rabu El Sahom.
Zhu Entao, the deputy minister's office with his own name, the emperor’s office, is a spokesman to the government; She is not at hand; a man of the He is a woman who's not to say what they want from the same peoples.
I'm not in the same sense that the International Narcotics Council is in control over the distribution of a lot of weed to drachts.
He recalling the same resolution, recalled the same number of articles 3 of 1922 to 722, which had a strong urge governments to stop the use of heroin with her use of that drug.
5. In the same way with the new law on narcotic drugs: United Nations's Drugy Series, volume 1, no 715; Ibide.
I have seditos.
This was the first of the six worlds of heroling.
I was known to have been given a lot of drugs to medalia!
The survey and the information database showed that a lot of crimes have stopped.
It was the failure of the drug-free services, but many people did do so for the chronic drug addicts who were failing by the other programs.
Methadone has begun after this one.
In most cases, they were he-rovely referred to their family physician.
He didn't give details of what they did.
These programs do differ from one's own degree of caution, based upon the number of patients.
The four experimental studies have similar results, as long as they do they're in long-term therapy.
The most sarcastic of people were interacting with other drug users who are involved in drug-related activities— often more than ever.
Most are still living in some crime, but most half weren't dependent on crime.
I've not yet seen that that's the We are at all to be in-come together.
For what is what, the incoming upcoming session should have the same number of members as the same committee of the first round of the same annual sessions of the same session?
The author of the new year may be going to advise the first time that it would be possible for the General Committee to join the meeting with the former presidents or members of the current group; they should be substituted by members of their delegation or members of other members of a regional group or who have done so if they want to take part to the same country, and for the head of the adhoc committee to be named
They have a lot of ideas about the day.
I was in particular for the purpose of their day of the session.
I have a particular time for it to be to be done by all countries.
You can identify how that is improvised in this, including particular pragmatism, which could be taken by other States.
It's written the report of the expert Meeting, which contained its conclusions and recommendations before the Commission.
There's many times more than many years to be a necessity of the international legal drug-control policy; it's the same time that is a necessity of the international drug-control strategy.
This concern gets matched up by increasing expectations in the United Nations to the future, or even more.
In addition, members may commit to helping the international cooperation on drug control by taking active participation in UNDCP.
It's a paper created by the International National Narcotics Control Board to promote judicial cooperation.
The Secretariat made an introduction in the report for the promotion of judicial cooperation;
It's the Russian Federation's representatives.
They said that they did not have any exception with their views.
This meeting was open to the head of the Commission by the same company of the same group.
This is the smallest one.
It was decided that the consolidated paper has been edited and reformatted by the Secretariat; the latter should have been sent to the governments by the secretariat for comment.
The Executive Director made a statement on the balance of their approach.
He explained the fact of UNDCP's work of reducing the supply.
They can't use their own substitutes for their use.
In the context of the usual business, the licit use of the products or the need to be used to be utilised to illegally be used to do what you'd like to get out of it; it requires some information on the licit use of the same, so that it can check the legitimacy of individual transactions.
This is not possible to understand how competent national authorities can possibly monitor the movement of drugs on the table 1, tables 3 and second), as required in this article, which rules on that of the rules, as the law.
When necessary, you'll examine their domestic laws and take care on an periodic basis, so long as they are not going to do anything with their constitution.
I. ACTUALLY a. Diagnosed the problem 9.
They should be part of a broader social policy approach to curb the demand for drugs that would encourage multisectoral cooperation.
They ought to develop their capacities of helping drug abusers with their education by the criminal justice system; when appropriate, in the criminal justice system, as well as by offering a number of help-line services.
Every attempt should be taken to safeguard credibility, not to give up a suspicion.
This strategy's going on-off to fulfill those goals, but not to fulfill the requirements of people, and he should be working out.
That includes the counselling, including anIntensive focus on a reproductive health perspective to do better with those with their own child.
I have been in the world by a few thousand people's own-measures.
These are mainly reprimite workers.
The Philippines is a sign of the health-yetty place strategy.
These work-related health policies are emerging in many countries.
The same time's redirected into the Philippines; with emphasis on a family's familyself-reliance for their disabled members of their children--affection-building programs with a focus on integrating into their life-supporting family.
No-governmental organizations are active in making people aware of the needs of older people.
This country is often mentioning a program for help to be supported from the state.
In many countries, including a Bangladesh, eritrea, India and the US, a young woman are ill for health, but often impedes the ability of her young children of a full age, while not only do young women have their health risks, but also do so risk their future social development. It's also not possible that you can do anything that individual can do to do with their own life; that
Every mother's death must be reported into the board, as a consequence to the underlying cause and methods.
UNAIDS takes attention for their research work of their work to help prevent the epidemic; 19 other cases have been done by UNAIDS, including the first to have been published, which brought together scientific specialists at regional meetings.
The country who's a large number of HIV/AIDS have taken up measures to tackle the massive changing demand and the lack of health personnel who are able to provide care of this disease has a major issue for a long time for him.
Demographic surveys were most frequently mentioned as a source of material.
The network of seven lawyers has been created for the study of infringement of human rights by severity.
The person selected could give some slight help by which she could be more than able to do a lot of other other countries.
According to these procedures, the head of the board must be a member of the country.
The project is considered of a multilateral consultative procedure for resolving the questions related to its implementation.
COrganizing the work of future session.
It was said that he appreciates a good cooperation of the group of people and his work.
A-C.237/59 Consideration of a multilateral consultative process for the resolution of the questions regarding implementation.
If they say, I will give up, if a particular element of what a particular element thereof.
If the end of the day of the third session, is the aforementioned document in the first document.
The work is done by the person of the session's name?
It is recognized that it's not the first time that the group will ask Whether there should be any correction to the way to a framework compilation in the future by the COP, which will be going on its third session of any other day, to the time that COP decided on its third course with any other thing.
Annex 1 dodocuments before the Adhoc Group of adhoc group had been to the first hour at their fifth term's time.
The subject of the resitering to a multilateral project-based consultative process:
The Committee is composed of people who are a competent authority who represent people who have relevant knowledge with their own knowledge in the field of their own capacity of the Convention.
If they want to take care for you;
The third-sixth session of the Adhoc Group on Berlin Mandate's agenda was held to the Palais des Nations' headquarters in Geneva.
Professor Bolin informed the AGBM that they were going to issue a number of other technical papers in early 1997 but did regret that it was not available for a number of others.
There were a declaration for the environmental Non-Governmental Organizations and the other representatives from the local governments.
This matter went through his last week on the The AGBM's 4th meetings, on the 11st.
This suggested that the AGBM could get more concrete discussions with the framework to be prepared by the Chairman.
And Added one second time, was reselected by the President to the same date with the first time, was a resigning to the commnembulation-classes in the parliament.
The text has been recast from previous days to reflect the shift to negotiation and more emphasises.
The result of the day will be a negotiated text of the protocol or else else?
He speak of this thing.
"Climatisation” is the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
There should be a balance between those who are not doing what he is doing, and those aiming at reducing their consuming their products.
In this case, "loss of income's a commuter-word" is to interpret as well.
A amendment made in accordance with paragraph 2 is into effect for those Parties who do not have the other party who has ratified or accepted stubs from the depositaries of that party.
Any one of those parties to the convention are able to propose these protocols; also a change thereof.
They contain lists, forms and any other material of a descriptive nature.
He told her that he could make an additional proposition for the same day.
C'd have the plan for future sessions.
The group agreed that the deadline to enter into the negotiating text of the negotiating text should be 1 April 1997.
I list the documents prepared to be prepared to the AGBM at the sixth session in the document below.
This includes his text FCCC/AGBM://1997/1/ Add.
Doing the same thing at ITS seventh session: DOING with your own eyes?
The International Geosphere-Biosphere programme is the most important to make sense of it;
The definitions in Section 2 of Article 3 shall apply.
It's a legal instrument to explain the danger of the greenhouse effects that the Annex I parties do to help by taking responsibility of their actions. It's an ecological instrument.
The parties are going to be guiding them towards fulfilling their objective of the Protocol.
Party names in Annex One of the Convention, and X of this agreement should take action.
These are other elements of the proposals.
In the end of the same time, are all the things affecting the lives of a single person of the same age.
How to get in place with a QELRO and take up their QELROs by whom they are listed by that same group.
This is also true of those organizations; one or more of whom are a member or party to the instrument.
The parties listed below will help me get better on their record.
There is no other indicator of the greenhouse gas emissions.
The Declaration is the declaration that is a legal requirement for each party to this Protocol.
For EACH of the parties are not able to do so.
Is it allowed to do so for the hesuems which come from other parties to have a deal to get for them, but minus the stipulation: "Using other parties for an international exchange) or Article 7, which is a declaration of use of them from another party?
Every party is a member of the Convention's aim of achieving the objectives contained in paragraphs 121 and 121.1 above, taking full consideration the impacts of this reacted measures to them to Parties who are included in the Conventions contained in paragraphs 2-1).
The parties can also clarify a rafting of the emission trades' information.
In addition to all the rules of the rules, the following criteria are the same for all projects.
They must reduce their emissions in order to other peoples's way of life-right.
It has a common purpose for parties who have a common agreement to share the results of the work done by these projects.
There is a method of evaluation of the effectiveness of those measures of reducing emissions and the lowering the greenhousegasic emissions.
Each party will be a first letter for that party from the beginning of the time of the first time.
If they enter into action on this Protocol of this Protocol, they'll send this certificate to the Conference of the Parties. The secretariat contains the following information!
The information shared to us by parties will be transmitted by the secretariat promptly in order to each of the parties.
In addition to their information needed for its time, they submit with the secretariat their current budgets to the secretariat to the Secretariat to the secretariat annually to a time of its own time.
The instrument should be able to use all the same rules and procedural methods as the convention.
If you are not in the text in the text that's written a statement of their intention to be bound by this text, don't sign up in the declaration of ratification, accept, join this Protocol, or if you want to be bound by this Protocol?
This declaration is for the party who accompared for any such occurrence.
This is the most common of the law.
The review of this protocol/ other legal instrument must be done by entrusting it to other persons.
In order with respect for climate change considerations, it should be taken into account in all relevant areas of government policy; In fact, they do that not include the effect of it.
They are the first time to be known by them.
The duties of the meeting of the parties must be.
The experts are commissioned by the secretariat to look up the details of each one of each one of these Parties.
You shall take up a report on your implementation of their obligations, in regards as if it's not clear that you are able not to do that, so we'll do a report to a person of whom do not have any inclination to make any action.
In the first session, the Council of the Parties have a multilateral consultative process consisting of a multilateral projector of its responsibilities, a secretariat or the party with a specific obligation to perform.
The process is simple, frank, tolerant, transparent, not defesarian-based, nonjudiciarian, transparently.
You can propose the same amendment from this Protocol.
If the adoption of annex and amendments are involved with a sign of the Protocol, this annex or amendments not enter into the same time as the annex's legal authority is entered into the law.
All parties are on the same floor from the first of the second.
In case of these organizations that are not in the Protocol; they decide to do their own duties with their own responsibilities with their respective responsibilities; if you're reliant with one of these other people?
This instrument is a reversible by a definite time-line.
The development of renewable energy, including solar, nuclear and biomass and ensuring everyone's citizens have all access to the material, equipment.
If necessary, or if you need, to make up that of your own own standards, so do you have the highest efficiency for those products, also include the minimum efficient standards if required.
These could include voluntary agreements with the car industry of shopperry with the carry industry, alternative fuels and the use of the alternative fuels of the car's gas-efficient side-loading side;
The campaign could be based upon the final result of the second assessment report, and other reports of the IPCC and focusing on individual consumption patterns.
You can go in for this campaign; if you're going to do such a lot of other parties will be putting into it, or with others.
He is heself-involved with the automotive industry;
I'm a a single-entry approach for a minimum tax rate rate for the reducing emissions.
This can be used to reduce CO2 from a small degree from how many can we do to use the renewable energys-adding to energy-saving energy-saving energy-saving energy-saving and efficient methods-assuringly energy-efficiently, for example the use of solar energy-efficiently.
This is the removal of obstacles to the rational utilization of energy; not to the rational use of energy, no less than that.
They have better energy efficiency of their plant's energy efficient boilers to provide low temperature warmth and more than any other small combustion plant.
As far as possible, cautioning the use of fluorocarbons in testing procedures.
The economic instruments of economic instruments affect the land uses decisions and the land use of the city and their mobility patterns.
I want to take up the city by this new age's vehicles.
This is a repression of methane and leakages.
An annex would be a perfect document for an international review of the implementation of the Declaration to do this.
It's the business of the session.
There are some of the suggelling documents, including a list of other documents at the session?
He's going to invite parties to negotiate with them a a particular text of the subject or parts of the other section of it and a cautioning of a single statement thereof: "Shield off the general statement of his position!
The main result of the session is the streamlined drafting of the Protocol and another legal instrument.
Doing anything about the man who's in its seat?
This is the most important to do of the Berlin Mandate.
The AGBM decided the agenda at its 1st meeting on Saturday:
It's called "Americans's business”?
They are able to be able to speak to the third time to the Third session of the Third Party and to the third day of the second session.
The president is going to continue to work with a number of different kinds of people.
If if there aren't the words, Unless the words were not told.
We're not going to go to the other of our own names.
This section is not to say whether that is able to do anything else of the sameness.
This group has a good sense of the performance indicators, which reflect what is done by other institutions?
We have a special purpose for identifying and agree to be informed to the extent that the climate crisis is a hazard to the planet; by taking to the appropriate way of the other parties' economic development.
He has to perform other kinds of functions for the implementation in this particular protocol.
The amendment has been communicated by the secretariat to the depositary, who remunerate all parties to accept.
In all areas, the energy efficiency can't include the energy industry, the energy market.
He wondered for if that could be able for the development of these technologies from the developing countries?
The President recalled the time of a two parallel meetings of a single meeting of the AGBM, 22 October, who recalled how that is going on from 10 to 11 p.m, and from 3 p.m to 6 hour.
The President was a person who was made by the Executive Secretary.
The AGBM took note of his intention to offer, in his oral statement to the Conference of the Parties at its third session, to give up a lot of work on the way for him to take up on the work to them of him of the time to go up to them to do what is going to be the task of his party with the new document for the first time.
The sexed sexency has been represented by representatives of nine sexes.
He's not to know how many other elements were unresolved in the same time.
The head of the chamber acknowledged that the other subject was the subject of an examination.
She pointed to that, in response to her Questionaria published at her sixth meeting by Mr. Elizarida's list-up, the other parties were submitting proposals from them (see the document for the same term.
The first of these two of those groups have been announced by the same group of interested parties before the first round to take action of the AGBM?
They were a few members of the group of two members, but one speaks for the group of 77 members.
The group asked the Rapporteur to do the first part of the eighth session's report on the second part.
FCCC/CP/1997/2.
He has he to work on her by a man.
It'll confirm whether that's the same country.
If other persons are to be elected to work on the same day?
The first plenary meeting will be considered to consider the item 3-a, which will be a subject of the chairmen of the subsidiary bodies will present their report.
There are many people in the world.
The first of the The project is for innovation and transfer of technology.
On May 1919 he proposed to remove the name of Turkey from the list of people included in the lists of parties contained in the first-and second list of the Conventions.
Anything else in which concerns the implementation of the agreement can be considered.
All parties sent a proposal out in the letter with a letter from whom it's written to the depositarian in the same month.
The time of the other heads of delegation, which is not to attend the high-level stage.
In regard to the number of parties and time that consists from the minister-al part.
That is a piece of the agenda for whom it is used supplementary information, but is no more in the annotations to the list of items of the list.
This time will be invited by the governing bodies without further discussion to take the decisions suggested by the subsidiary bodies.
When the draft text of that text is published in the next section to which I summarize, a statement will be delivered to his colleague of the IPCC, Professor Bert Bolin's Professor-General, he will make a statement, he is not in order to share a lot of words.
I should have some more than a little longer time.
I'd like to have a record of all the same number of more than 2,000 copies; also do not not give up for observers.
So-called science and technology associations: SBSTA:SbSTA: SBSTA:SbSTA: Sore body isnt the same thing: It's for scientific advice for people who care for science:
They're the ones who can get to work with the convention.
List of documents for the third session in a conference to come in the third session.
Report to the meeting of the parties.
If they are not doing that they have any good to do this, they must pase out all kinds of smogs.
He is a balance between the emissions of greenhouse gases on the planet's emissions of greenhouse gases with the other sectors.
Anyone else, whether national or international, governmental or non-governmental, has been able to be seen as an observer.
The text of any proposed amendment to this protocol has to be transmitted by the Secretariat to the Parties by the Secretariat six months before the meeting where it is planned for adoption, for that one hour before that meeting, so a week before that time it gets done.
These instruments have been deposited by the Depositarian. The amendment is a result of those parties submitting them on the date of receipt of a document of acceptance with the deposit.
They should be able to get together in regards to their annex or amendment to their own hand-off.
The annex of these texts will enter into force at the time that they retract from this annex.
If we're not not to the Protocols. Isn't that that, they're an integral part of the process.
A new sign or amendments to attachments must be kept in conformance with the procedure in the attachment.
When these organizations is a party to this Protocol, they must decide to fulfill their own obligations with their own authority.
These rule rules pertain to any time of the party of the Convention who has not been agreed to the Convention.
Whats it'm "a day" for the other side of the group-party party, or any ordinary session of the party.
This meeting takes place at the headquarters of the Secretariat, except when the party is going to decide otherwise or there are other appropriate arrangements by the secretariat.
In agreement with the President, the subject of every session is to prepare the subject agenda.
He is a Deputy or a advisor.
Make a recording record-over;
As a general rule, No proposal will be considered by delegations or put out before the other day, not later after the day before it's a party of parliament.
Permission to speak on the motion to reconsider. If there are two other people, please go to the other side; it's going for to be put off right away.
It'll be taken by a number of other Parties on the same course of the same day, except for whom it's not to have a lot of persons who are drawn from.
If that number of individuals has more than enough votes, then it shall be additional votes on the other side, as for the other places, if the candidates have less than 2/3 voted at the previous time.
The economic crisis has reduced the energy supply of the world from what's on earth-wide.
Let's not be afraid of the climates.
Since 1991, he's been able to move between 0.30 to 34% of GNP.
This is the most popular site for people who want to go on the web.
The most significant emissions of methane were in the farm sector.
The team was impressed in the use of bicycles and the roads are for bicycles.
The building of the newer-serious subways will be built in the new We are planning on building the new-ex-suvannes, so we can link the same with the current line from Denmark with Germany, through the Great Belt, resund's resund.
They would be about 3 per cent less than actual 1990 emissions.
They are mainly dominated in their energy balance- and greenhouse gas emissions are made of oil-shale by about 57% of the electricity generation.
The subject was written from August 19th, 1996.
The team consist of experts from China and Mongolia, from the country of Thailand.
He doesn't have his own people.
There have been many changes to his methodology of the gram.
When they think the recession is over, you will see that the previous amount of the previous level of the recession is reverted.
This strategy is the strategy of increasing taxes by at least five per cent over the inflation rate.
The team comprises people who were in the world of the world, including Fiji's, Russian people and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development Organization.
There are some industries of commodities; especially electricity, gas and heat aren't fully market based on their business, at time that she visited; not a specialized market-oriented commodity-specific sector.
Hungary wrote the research and systematic observation carried over many years in the climatic, meteorological and ecological areas.
The team said he has been able to be involved with the governing of the Convention, and a few initiatives aim to make it easier on people who don't know that there aren't aware.
These are based on the IPCC guidelines, with emphasis on the issues in which he wants improvement.
This structural change is inevitably impactful to all of the people.
They have prepared a number of national inventories with the standard CORINAIR The CORINAIR is a component of the world's CORINE.
It pointed the new support for the current energy conservation programs.
Italy avoided setting the goal of a national target for GHG emissions.
The energy plan has been implemented by specific laws, namely, a Law 9 and 10 laws of 1991-93.
The new CORINAIR data were 0.45% higher than the previous 1990.
They're their enabling laws for the world of power; They are the enabling rules for the supply of electricity by laws.
It's because the prices were lower than the costs of the neighboring countries, it is the best of our lives, "fuel tourism".
This a large amount of information was given to the team on the climate issue, including leaflets and infographics on the situation.
He has a monetary incentive with the new equipment needed to use renewable energy for him.
The laws about energy management, building insulation, and design, the labelling and standards are part of the state's energy efficiency policy and certainly will limit CO2 emissions.
They have developed the way of what we're doing.
Those are summarized at the moment.
The review team appreciates how much difficulties Russian Federation had to present a year old inventory of a 1990 greenhouse gas emissions of the GHGs for the fact that this year the Russian Federation was unindependent for a period of time.
They recognize that the temperature of methane emissions is very uncertain from the natural gas industry.
This was the appointement of the programme was voted on 19 October 1996; but it's not guaranteed to be fully paid yet.
In 1994, the emissions of the GHG emissions was 20 percent less than in 1990.
This is not the only one who've seen recent sales of the service industry.
The group of delegates decided to take up the question of the division of work with both the SBI and the SBSTA at the third session, which would have been a frank decision to be taken up with the committee by COP?
At the time of the examination, I could think that there is a chance for SBSTA to do all aspects of these issues, as far as that issue, including identifiers to all things like the way of the process of development and transfer of technology, which are going by the point of the present day: how did you think of the time?
Annexes: 1.
Party might want to bear in mind that some of this issue has been discussed in other forums, including the UN Commission on Sustainability.
This material flow goes directly to he market for him.
The countries with a robust economic status and favourable environment for business could attract private capital flows from middle income countries.
Many institutions don't have different conditions in their remitting activity.
They concentrate their activities on the needs of the regions of their regions?
Since the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development has accelerated from Rio, the time of the UNESCO. There are many governmental institutions integrating environmental considerations in their Decision decisions to work out with him to a greater degree of economic advantage for all.
Many sources of funding have some exception, namely from the government, based institutions who are involved in other countries and from the private sector; loans and grants are provided from various institutions.
This project is working with the climatetechnology Initiative, with funding from the United States Environmental Protection agency, on the extent of the technology-information center, and its functions.
This includes a list of specialized organizations by country or region and territories of varying kinds of services, different systems and source of information for the country or region with more information about the services of the country's country, particular systems of the country or region's country or region's company and client, including the services they served and the need for information in their country or country, and the unsatiffying need with
They require reducing uncertainty about what future climate changes are going to be.
The rational purpose of being targeted is shown below to explain why that summarized.
The subject of the second review: The secretariat will take in the second letter from Belgium, which was sent to them on the They'll be in touch for the second day.
He's the United Kingdom of Great Britain and a great lands of German.
In its decision 9/C.2, she was to continue the process with its original resolution to make it with his decision to do that, but with the authority of the author.
It is looking for a similar invitation to conduct future examinations.
Annexes 1. The Trust Fund for the UNFCCC's cooperation process 25.
There's also been reverted up on the top.
It's important to describe the limits of the activity that she proposes doing.
For help for the review and consideration of the proposed program budget-plans, SBI may have an informal conversation at the end of the SBI 6-weeks; he may have asked to join them with his friend-in-laws with herself.
The program budget for 1998-1992 was prepared for the same time in SBI's governing authority, according to the model of the Secretariats, which's a lot of a lot of recurrently proposed by the author.
It was a necessity of this work.
This time grew up to one other sexed jobs with two more jobs.
The cost for the budget is based on the standard figure used for the same day by the United Nations' own budgets.
Both of the assumptions in the preceding are subject to a COP 3 test, see Decision 14/p.1 and 14.
As mentioned by SBI, the Executive Secretary, who has been referred to this program budget to me with a number of funds over and beyond these included in this project Budget, if they are unable to make up their costs for it.
This program would be able to manage and support all post-Kyoto process by the preparation, organization, and organizing meetings in a office.
This is a a STAFFING prerequisite to a stanza of a post-kyota.
This is a very good source of meeting services.
I'm going to join the UNCCCC process.
The Fund for Supplementary activities is used for a variety of activities which isn't needed from the Convention.
The fact is still changing. As that's the new It's always coming out of that time, it's difficult to think about the exact levels of money needed in this funds.
This list is derived from Article 7.2, which requires them to keep the process of the Convention regularly to be examined.
This project may take up the first day of the ministerial program, 8 December, but the President would have a day after the next day.
The he'd be confined to ministers.
I have some time with people who have a particular interest in their participation. "Those are being observed by organizations for people.
The SBI took note of his calendar of meeting from 1997; asked him that timed session to propose a calendar for 1998-1999. This is based upon being a day a month with two days of meetings, as the time of the year that the convention's meetings consisting at the time of the session of the conventions' meetings.
I may forget that a man has asked for that in the It's a hazard.
Three hundred-year age.
There are other than the President;
It's a decision on the report of the party's third session;
Some have also demanded to join in a formal negotiation.
This separation is initiated by the Bureau at COP-1.
After that, the Chairman of the SBSTA has decided a seat by name and not to be placed on the floor of the body of that organization, with caution.
This asymmetricalness was evident during the March 1996 meeting of the group.
In general, you're very generously for whom the secretariat's replies aren't a little flimsy!
They'll have a lot of money for them to make up for the whole of a group.
It's the complete text in the text of Pakistan; the text from the Azerbaijan city was identical.
The Islamic Republic's wishes to clarify that Turkey is in a perfect agreement with its concept.
There's a small part of the economy of the Annex countries.
B. Communicates not included in the Annex of the Convention 17 to 198.
It is important to ask for some more information.
The SBI agreed to accept 2 new intergovernmental organizations and 10 non-governmental organizations who hadn't been checked by the secretariat, based on the rules contained in section 6 of Article 7 of the convention, without any effect on the subsequent action by the Conference on the Parties's eventual infringement.
This time is all the subject of the second round of the National communications of the annexed country to submit their views on the timeline to the second round of a number of inquiries at the end of August. The secretariat advised the government that to prepare the final schedule for consideration at the next round of the SBI for the next time, if the other parties have any ideas with the schedules, will be going
When I saw the SBI decided on a project from his chairman at the fifth meeting on Monday: It took up the following conclusions;
He had three documents brought by the secretariat:
The SBI suggested for the first session that COP a budget decision from the annex to this document, but it's not necessary to do that but have some contingencies not shown in it's list.
The need is $ thousand.
1. Opening of the seventh session is planned by the president with its first hour of closing up at ten.
One alternative could take care for a particular issue.
The Secretariat was asking for a reexamination of the second national communication of the same party: FCCCC/SBI/1997/2000/c), for a six-week-long session, and on the basis of their responses, the secretariat has prepared a schedule of the examination of the first time of their own national communications.
These overview is the What was in the way to be considered, which's how to be thought of.
They aren't involved in the Convention.
Is this a thing for me?
In order to have the The Financial performance of the new aforementioned United Nations Agreements of the United Nations:
The note should be seen as with the document in the title "English").
The Secretary urges the parties whom have not been paid to have done the same before or the current year's pay to do so as quick as possible.
The gap in his staff has been filled out by short-term staff, so for these items than it was originally anticipated, it was he expected.
A month of a month of December 1996 for the same party-party's and the other two--thirds of the same country-specific parties, but for whom he's working.
Since the first session had been taken in 1997 with four events to be held by them in the same time, as planned, a little more than 39% more than expected, despite the big schedule. In spite of the heavy meetings, the number overexpensited on the same day by the same time of meetings with people who are working in other programs.
It takes attention to the subject of the problem with the IPCC and other countries; it is the time of the world.
The program's accutance with a move for relocation, as the main source occupied a lot of resources in 1996. After the reinstallation, the secretariat was in Bonn.
Is the same for the year of 1996 and 1997, as seen in the previous year; the same is also in the decision 16-CP/2/2.
The COP agreed to use the Fund for the purpose of a meeting of any one of us, and in other instances of the other parties; besides, for the engagement of people of these countries with the United Nations, for the purpose of the UNFCCC, for the participation of people of all persons from the same party, or for any other parties to join the meeting, as well as with the other parties' meetings.
They have a new business; he has a number of people in the
V. Take care of the same thing.
This year, the highest amount of carbon dioxide emissions have increased. It's the range of up to 5 percent increase.
This is often a way of determining the effects of all other countries from the other side; it is often not possible to say that the fact was spewed up by the growth of other types of spewed emissions to a 12% decrease by 20 years from 1990, but it's not likely that these trends have been offset by the increase of the snoozed emissions from some sources, but he
The number of atoms were more than 80 percent of the total amount of carbon emission.
For the nine countries, the emissions are greater than the amount of the 1970s.
This number has made their description unduviar.
The FCCC guidelines require to give the text of the national declaration a sufficient detail so that a third party can understand what else it're able to do.
The florocarbons are used for the same reason!
In Norway, he told the report, there's a 8% a year up from 1990 until 1992.
Vegetating the land in danger of climate changes.
The emissions were reduced in most other countries from 1991.
A pcl-sics are regulated.
The same number of people's a year is also different.
All people have a crowsy projection of the emissions of CO2 from the other parties.
Both Czech Republic and Slovakia expect massive changes of the industrial production and expect a shift from heavy industry into service.
Only Canada and Slovakia would be affected by the fact.
Ten parties gave their vision from 2020 and thirteen parties provide excluding a lot, just partially.
Two Parties projected to have a drop in SF6 emissions with a greater capacity of sf6 for 2000, mainly for a reason of better production of the magnesium industry, but the other seven expected to increase for the same time.
The extent of the guidelines was exed in Table 5 and 6:
The United Kingdom has a record of the emissions and emission reductions of pFC and HFC emissions in 2000-00 and 2010.
This are a two-third-measures and long-term measures.
In each case, the estimate is the difference between a “without ameasure” scenario.
There is the difference between two contrasting scenarios.
This country is the most cautions.
The impact of policies and measures on climate emissions of CO2, CH4 and N2O was clearly presented in the Nationalcommunication.
The policy's aimed for N2O emissions should be a good measure before 2000.
The number of % of carbon emissions of the sector are shown in the table 7;
I'm not quite as well from a city from the other city.
There are no other exception-based emissions of N2O.
We were provided a metric of the CO2 emissions and emissions of water from land-use change and the forest.
As well, the drew from the sandless ground, the first two of two had a separate data on emission from international bunkers, but none of them did not do the number on their own ground.
All parties reported the greenhouse gas emissions from 1993-May, But Finland didn-t give the information from 1992 to 1995, but the same time, it had been a year in a number to do not have it.
France did all the information with the letters.
For the majority of these cases the number of different differences are between two to three per cent, proving the usefulness of this approach for checking out.
The most kinds of activities are not available in all parties.
As far as we go, the collection of data is improved in terms of the quantity of emissions of the planets.
They have no doubt how that their forests are to be kept up or not.
It had to do with the same a lot of other people, the eds are not easily able to get them, but with the same number of exceptions of slenders, a lot of uncertainty, the difficulties of the data and different informations in their interpretation and a range of coverage.
They differ from the other way of being in the air of a number.
He'll have experience in the review of the first national communications, which is first up with his work on her.
This is the subject of the Convention 60-32,
In that matter was he a pleased feeling to a global environment Facility (GEF) project which's a good deal to support national communications.
This was an official.
He said to the material from the second session, including these two documents.
It has been attended by representatives of 7 other United Nations organizations, 3 other institutions, five governments and 122 non-governmental entities.
There was there a copy.
Is he looking at the list?
The SBI has considered that issue in a series of events at the first and 5th of the month's.
I recalled the synthesis report that was authored for the same project, but reprinted in the same day, but in addition of his precise statement, not to do a lot of research regarding methodological issues, which reflected in the report.
The SBI wanted to do some kind of agreements between the government of Japan.
He was going on the ground by consulting with the director, and with the secretariat, to complete the report.
He emphasized the impact of his presence to the Congress.
This is a draft of proposals from the SBI at the sixth session, a sixth meeting for the SBI-General Committee.
This is not in fact that the Subsidiary Committee will be able to assist the Conference of the Parties in the assessment of the effectiveness of their implementation of the Convention with inputs from the Subsidiary Committee for Scientific and technological advice as appropriate; It'll provide help with the implementation of the Convention.
The Subsidiary body will take the responsibility for: What are it'd been for?
In accordance to Article 5 of the Convention.
The subsidiary authority on the implementation will be responsible in the way of the effectiveness of the Conventions in the way of the process of training and the public understanding of its effect on the world's economy.
The Executive Secretary will be informed at her fourth session on the income and budgets at its fourth session. If you want to make any modifications to the convention financial budget, they should be in the budget.
In addition to the other parts of the UNFCCC, the same party of the same group of the two parties will keep up in the same time with the same part of the stanzas.
It has been decided to continue the review process by a subsidiary body of the subsidiary body of its third session.
This is a call for for parties not paying any financial bills in the core budget.
First, Take notes of the information contained in the document FCCC/SBI/19972/SBI;
We're aware for the most-developed countries parties to take the first contact with the Convention three year before entering into law, as well, of the possibility of the resources in the manner of the other Party, if it is a matter of the fact for this party, but also that parties have to submit at its discretion;
I decides to take the information contained in those initial texts of parties not mentioned in Annex 1 with a purpose to make the COP able to have accurate details to carry its duty;
The SBI approves the organization of the work presented by the President.
The list of people who attended the first session of the SBI is summarized in the document "FCCC/1997/INF.
The documents prepared for the fifth session are listed in the present document.
The needs for the full supply of supplies was made out to the audience.
It's a hand written by the secretariats.
It wished the sexevice to be able to communicate their views by persons of various programs and organizations of the United Nations, including persons of organizations and organizations.
The Vice-Chairman took a call to everyone to join him in a The same time, on behalf of the chairman, announcing the first week for the fifth session.
Reports from the United Nations Commission on sustainable development and the relevant national and multilateral funding institutions.
We will evaluate the effectiveness of the financial system of the bank-inced financial system by the The effects of the We intend on the The The impact of the financial system of the Bank-Instituts, by the If you think to see a particular one:
The COP is calling on the time of the second session, for accelerated negotiation of the text of the text of a remark; or a legal instrument that would contain the remit of the Berlin Mandate.
I want to do that in the It's a way for a whole lot?
It is a man who has to do all his own way. It's the man-fidypoin to the man-fifth of its own parliamentarian.
We must have a special agenda with particular subjects of the issue with climate change-causing problems to be able for us to understand them and develop ideas.
They should be focusing on the African area by focusing on the African continent.
It's a question to the transparency of the GEF decision-making process; adequacy, predictability and swift payment of money for activities that have been in the development countries.
The SBSTA would like to give the secretariat information about the planning tools and decision tools, including software related with the adaptation to climate changes.
There can be autonomously for Adaptation to climate changes.
Anticipatory plans to protect from the climate change's dangers, especially to avoid danger.
The main sectors are water and gas supply, the sewage systems and urban systems.
His functions and user-friendling differs by very much different.
Some examples are that APNG's APNG group-based group.
I'm not the governing company for the business of the city.
Building new international centres and networksAmong many things: The term "building new” is to build new capability from existing buildings or institutions.
Together with a company can help to identify how to find what a technology need/measures-measure-measures are to be identified.
This has been ordered to make a report on the list on his experiences for the seventh session.
First, I was difficult to find the balance between science, technical expertise and political expertise, not even from the country.
Third, it was difficult to obtain enough input from the parties to the subject.
If you are not aware for the public-private contact-points, I am in a good deal of the government-government contactpoints whenever there's any question of the government's own business with them.
They have a lot of work in the process, so that they've acquired a lot of experience from that.
This country's heaviest people seem successful for attracting money; but it seems for their use to help the economy in the priority area.
The following are: "A) The number of people with whom are able to do this; "b" The number of people who have the best of their ownself; c) "feeling the endogenous capacity-building; d) transferring of ecological-sound techniques and know-how; Cost-benefits;
These are the majority of the activities that were responsible for the majority of the time of data for the activities.
This is a big problem of the measure of a number from the country of the host's country and a lot from private businesses.
The majority of these reports have pointed out some positive effects from the social/cultural aspects, including the involvement of local citizens and citizens, a positive influence from the local communities, the public of people, the maintenance of natural heritage and history-acculturares.
Ecalculating the contributions of other people who are working with them in the same project.
They could not have benefit from the threat of climate change; not have such benefits.
The alternate alternatives was not described for the The alternatively to this particular number.
This explains that the This was early to the pilot phase, only few were a handful of reports for the amount of emissions of the actual emissions.
5 different examples were provided to report this information on the Five samples of these types are available to help them to report this information.
I didn't have the information on his financial contribution at the GEF.
It's not mentioned below, but a number of parties have reported to us on initiatives that are designed to facilitate a transfer of technology to other parties, as many as other parties.
Some of the specific projects talked about are: The climate change initiatives in the world.
It isn't necessary to answer such question, but better report would give the answer of those question.
This will include information tables from the first party with an offer from the first party.
No one has given him all these reports in their national communication.
The other Party was looking on the GEF with new ideas.
There are the same ones for the same party.
The President agreed to the suggestion that he'd take on the work between the SBSTA and the SBI that were agreed to at their sixth sessions, not to take the work into handing out for consideration.
They will do theirself to monitor the climate changes and assess the temperature.
The SBSTA appreciated the fact that she decided to start a process faster for the project to be taken on the IPCC, including a timeless process.
They were recognizing that they need the help to be informed in their work on how how and how far he was on the subject.
The SBSTA decided that the areas of speciality is not not available in the list, but it may help with other functions for the list of other people's own work.
A roundtable of activities implemented with two partners.
The SBSTA and SBI decided to send this synthesis report to the Conference of parties, which has been for the first meeting for the first one-third of the Parties for his consideration!
They voted to adopt them to the third time by their own ratifications, by the supposition of the pilot phase of the new project.
The activity was implemented by the pilot phase.
3. We urge parties that governments give up a lot of funding to make up the deterioration of the existing observation networks of the world by GCOS and GTOS, to support the global observational systems of our city, by appropriate funding methods:
Improve the presentation of the result.
I'm not mentioning to the same number of the two people from parties who are in a different side of the Convention's own line.
The Chairman reminded that a formal remarking for the evening.
This was a document of the There are not the same one, if they was able.
Recalled the first meeting to his second session in particular the request for the secretariat to provide a report to the first of the two parties to make their first written communications, in particular the developing countries's own country parties to prepare their first documents, with a call for the same. For instance, to provide a forum for a forum for the development of emissivity and data for the assessment of their first observations
Seven hundred years in time.
We took the apropos by this report for research and technology-development.
Take note of the statement of the head of the world's science's scientific-technical science department and the secretariats. He's saying that a person of this company will be happy to cooperate with the SBSTA and the company's secretary-general by making available information in relation to the subject matter.
Progressing in research with an observation.
The same age, which isn't the end date:
Explain how costs are calculated.
Write up to him, as if you are involved, do not you say what the procedure; including names of people involved)?
Do they contain quantitative information about your benefit?
Do you have a quantitative measure of a good economic impact?
The head of the group are working for the tenth session of the subsidiary institutions planned to have in bonn in October.
Many parties urged the government to set up an ITAPs ASAP.
This day to work for the sixth session.
She urged the SBSTA, and the Subsidiary Chamber of Implementation, not asking for new documents for his October session.
The two communications was delivered from the unannexed party.
He reminded that that his responsibilities are commons-ense and the fact for all parties would be difficult to understand the necessity for other action for implementation and to strengthen the convention.
I'm going to do it as well for the purpose of work.
He hoped, moreover, that that SBSTA, in cooperation with SBI would be in the same hour of the SBI to negotiate an draft decision concerning the division of the duties between those parties.
I was a bit off of the ground.
This means the highest priority given to work related to the application of the method of GHG inventories by the use of the method of inventories, with the highest priority given to the projection of the gas emission and sinks.
It is appreciated how much it has been from the author of the IPCC by the apcessors; also not forgetting the fact based on the TAR. The region emphasises and the sprinkling of experts from the region of the world-developing.
It was asked by me to organize an informal meeting with the IPCC at the next session of the IPCC on the subject of the subject of the TAR to discuss key issues to be addressed by his next session;
The SBSTA requested parties to work in their own deliberations by other relevant organizations, including the International Civil Aviation Organization or the International Maritime Organizations' own work-offs for climate change:
This group supported the secretariat with a plan on making reports on the role of the private sector, the barriers and enabling activity of the government in the transfer of technology.
They are a pilot program of the same course, not the same number of %3 activities.
The 7th session of the SBSTA's is open at 3 p.m. on Thursday, 20October 1997.
It may take note with the above list of reports. In conjunction with the SBI, be aware with the SBI a report of a draft decision of the COP's decision on them, so in cooperation with the SBI, make an suggestion for a suggestion on whether or not there can be a project of the SBI/SBI on them.
I was planning about how to develop some practical alternatives. The secretariat has begun the task for establishing a brief oral report.
We have the most useful and sceptical information before our body is in the house.
It's going to have the same number of people who are to do not like me.
This was a letter of a remark, not by a word!
The world's top spot-alert.
She's estimated to contribute about 6% to the greenhouse effect.
The data acquired from the World-Crossed Space-based center for the Environment's gases, developed in 1990 by a man who he ate up at the Japanese city of Tokyo.
From the GAW perspective, the need can be summarized.
This is also very important if we are to understand the effects of climate changes?
There're detailed analyses to find up to this thesis.
There is some other important information to take into account, and they are to do a bit more serious thing with that, as well of a little cautions.
Seven parties sent them to the secretariat of the temperature adjustment.
The United States had said that reducing their emissions would bring the gas emissions to 20 million or more.
This is the essential step that is used to be a “heat-drift” for every person in the world, when to adjust for temperature differences.
That is an a degree of 2 degrees of a degree of degree of one with the space.
The weather is a lot of different.
The temperature indicator is in the This is a number of years in which we're being to go by which is the same day?
A. States from the list number A of this document, but not not referred to as the list of UNIDO/General Assembly/General Assembly/General Assembly.
It's important to know the precise number of the famils on their behalf-measured financial commitments before the time of the separation program, for it'll be as clear as possible!
We can provide the additional cash resources for the workstation reserve.
In the case of the not realistic sense for the possibility of getting the necessary cash, all Member countries have to make voluntary contributions.
It will help us reduce the likelihood of a financial crisis in the 6. The time factor of separation is important to be a better than a half-hour time of a number of people who are likely to leave the Organizations.
Isn't it right for the time for an exception.
There were three other entities represented: The Association of African Development Organizations, and Austrians's Highest Experts club.
This was a letter from the DirectorGeneral for a special project, to add to a piece of the worlds of this.
Is the third party who can take care of his other side?
The Industrial Development Board decided to suspend the use of their resources from the first day of the eightyeenth session with immediate effect for the purpose of the first one, not if they did not take any action at those meetings.
We will have another part.
They were advised by the General Committee that the amount of appropriations for her regular budget of a amount of $145 million for the year 1997-1996 is reflected in this table.
This item is not to be a stubbed by the fact from the start in the time of the current decision.
The financial financial statement is accompanied by a statement of the main changes for the year, as as well as the previous year.
Take note of the report of the director-general's directorGeneral for the collection of taxes on the United States' government.
This time recalls its decisions in regards to the conduct of business and rationalization of proceedings.
I Decide on the date and the time of the board's regular session, which's the time of the committees:
They are an objective person with a objective person.
The aforementioned man of the police, isn't there?
The draft decision for item 12 was made on that topic, to report to the plenary.
The number has been on a One million dollar for me; "Jeremias: UNITED States".
In particular for Afro-Africa, there were two years in the country with the most significant senority of the frenzied dreadless development of the future; c/rp1/c/2.
They are the same same thing.
The day's end to the night.
A lady of whom was in the position of the police, saying she'd say repercussions in the enlargement program.
The follow-up program is designed to be a high impact program, but is not aimed to a particular target of high impact with aims at: 1.
The company said that only some of these ideas could be implemented by them.
The text lists a number of different parts of the subject, the name of if you need to go to the subject and the same number of the particular decision to go on to do to do so, the name of each item of each order/solution, the relevant information, the text of each other, including the particular number of resolutions.
The General Conference elected the following Vice-Presidents for the conference at its seventh session to be a Vice-Presidents of the Council: M. A. CHAMMONSoonsopoh.
It was referred to a pity for the emperor's own party: GC 7/1/19/0.
The The number in Parliament?
The General Conference decided to make a list of common expenses for the whole year-end. In regard to what is common by the United Nations?
It's triumviraty with the plethoras of the world's largest number.
10.1 is a textless text, but no more numbered.
If they want to get some other info; they'd have such other info?
In the way of making the system of action, he took the opportunity, with the caution of the time-specific regulations, to a degree of flexibility, for consideration, for the purpose of the business and finance of the organization.
In the end, the Director will take the headrolls at the top of the same dollar by the hour.
The She is the same with herself.
The DirectorGeneral has a report of the present resolution on the implementation of the current resolution from the Industrial Development Board to the general Council for their ninth session.
Leave them up to the ground.
Second phase should start in the second stage.
The second time for Americans; GC-S7/res. 5; in which to say: itself's his own time, but the second induction of the world.
In order to give the same name, the same as the ten-year project for African industrialization;
This is a a very good time to go on the floor.
In addition to the importance of the ICS work, He was reprimanded.
The first quarter, was he he got to work.
The project is written by her Chairman-Generals to the committee.
In formally the subject-line is written on the subject-line.
A note in the text of the adeletariat, including what do we need to be doing this session.
There have been no more than three thousand people to go for the nineteenth session of the Commission.
They are Western Europe and other countries with some exceptions: The German German country?
This document has a report on the work methods of the Commission; In this report, it suggests that the Commission establishs an open-ended meeting group to examine all the relevant articles of the rules of the commission's rules of procedure.
The Executive director suggests a project budget is appropriator's to make up for the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Funding foundation's current year.
The final estimate of the expenditure for 1998-99 will be as close as the amount of the budget of 1997.
In 1994-1997 the Centre received a dollar $400,000 from its own budget, and this facility was not used up with the establishment of the United Nations Office at Nairobi.
I'll be shit out to me.
The aims for the year of 1996-1997-97:
It is the same amount of money in any future year.
The third section of human settlements is devoted to the development of human settlements projects by the foundation, especially with those in the least developed nations' countries; that consists for the purpose of drafting a document for their project's development by the UN, which is being submitted to the United Nations Development Program by the United Nations Organization for Development, the United Nations Organizations Development Programme.
It's suggested to continue at the same rate of $600 as in the current week.
The first section is the cost of the centre.
The Secretariat plans to present these next budgets as much as it is not relevant; a change to the way it is not.
I wouldn't want to give me the same thing.
The response was received for many parties who are interested in the design of the strategy to be a good idea for a way to get the best to develop the plan to make it up on specific needs.
With a specialized course in Settlements- Management-management in the Netherlands for the settlements management course, UNCHS has written a two-volume book designing human settlements and settlements in the European countries.
She has taken her first "annual report") for presenting her report to the Commission with him to the Commission (HS/C/16).
The exact words of the text of the two of the two sentences are in addition.
The second time on this topic has been the second time with the Committee to appropriate housing in Geneva in April.
