The Special Committee to the State of the state's political political crisis: the United Nations Committee in the world of the world.
In the report in 1994, the Adhoc group says it's a large number of magisterial district were declared "unrest zones”.
A session of five days with two meetings at the same time, a week of one hour-hourly-a day-long.
I'mn't afraid of them's inventions.
Two years later, NGOs, the rights advocates and legal experts, including some country, political parties, were able to argue for an amnesty for political prisoners.
This principles relate to two different areas, are referred to below.
This means that anyone can claim her rights, with a right of law to a fair remedy.
These measures are not merely preventive, but they are not a punitiveness. They must be taken by a decision of a legal authority and should be taken by the public's authority.
This is the final and expanded version of the set of principles that was requested by the Subcommission by the Subcommission in its decision 1996://119.
B. The jurisdiction of the national courts, foreign and international jurisdiction is a monopoly.
Principle 3: Restrictions in the principle of irmovability of judges.
This is what the right to reparation.
It's about making the most administrative process.
Let’s see the list of COMMISSIONS' rules for establishing a course of reference.
This article includes the legal rights of the state of law.
Princts 2 to 6.
In fact, I can not give this a protective status, including a Presidential Presidential asylum.
If the law's right to be taken off by their hand-overs, the judges have been declassified by an act of law.
This report should be seen with the subject of what it will take up in the work of the Subcommission.
The final report summarized by Mooney, as an he is as a specialist in Amnesty rights, in his capacity by him, in his role in the role of the Special Rapporteur for the protection and promotion of Human Rights.
In their decision 1991/110, he asked a man of its members, namely El Hadji Guissé and Louis Joinet a working paper.
The experience shows the same cautioning caution to not allow those commissions from their purpose.
I have been invited to the commissions' reports; for the purpose of it, I am to be open to people.
This is what it's a reason why I feel like it to help him.
It does not have no legal effect to any person involved in the rights of compensation.
It's a very difficult measure for us for anyone else, if it doesn't accomplify a group who wants to reintegrate him into society. The cure will be more than better.
These were administrative measures, of the nature, not a sanity, but in the right, sabotaging those persons who have their rights.
It takes up a whole lot of more than it takes care of the other parties.
Principle 12: Publicizing the report of the commission's report?
Principles 32: Restrictions of judges on the fact of irremovability.
A. They give severance of their crimes.
Convinced of this particular purpose, a country and international initiative ought to be taken to help victims of human rights rights, with respect of the right to know and securing their rights to learn and, as a consequence, the rights to the truths, the right to justice, and reparation, but not a effective
If the judicial institutions want in that regard, it must not first have priority on establishing judicial commissions of inquiry; ensuring the preservation of the archives.
He has a few other things.
There will be never going to be abiding to the same country.
If he does not know what the time was for the time for the time, if they have been to get out of the trap for the purpose of the prohibition of law, you can't have to take advantage from the law's favourable provisions of a prohibition of a person who's been for the same time-
For a matter, the judges who are unlawfully elected or who have their authority by a act of a detestable act may be relieved by law with the principle of a parallelity.
B- A guarantee of failure to stop a violent act?
We must investigate them thoroughly with a goal of directing her activities from her own.
It is to be a good deal before a peace process start.
He has been suspended completely pending his appointment with him or her name in one of them.
The work group has a report on the administration of the law and the problem of compensation on its 1996 session.
He suggested the United Nations of the United States to investigate alternative to the death penalty.
The subject of his arrest is right to take action before the court for a court to determine whether the lawfulness of his arrests has not been legal.
The other thing is: "Those who are members to the present law are: " "Speakingly agree to the present Covenant?
It was 15 years since the Human rights Committee decided that it was not to make an exception to the Covenant.
Mr. Jette said that she should give emphasis to the crime of terrorism: the repression of people whose incitement to and defamation for the Crime of the Crime'll get a lot of people in the same way for me, by defining his subject-of the world: repressive action and
She hasn't advised him of that way, but she suggests to a new protocol to the convention that explains this process that would expand it's legal definition.
Making the most needed changes for the better would be liable to block the way of the other way, not to make any better progress in the fight for the genocide.
He pointed out the main aspects of the juvenile offender and the juvenile Justice, following the laws contained in the relevant international instruments.
He felt like his concept of the study is very useful.
He's stressed the need to define what's the purpose of his studies.
The Subcommission told him a more extensive worksheet.
The following paragraphs summarize the subject of "related matters?"
That is the article 44 of a Wien Convention of Diplomatic Relations, " The host country is to allow people who love privileges and immunities not the host, and members of their family to leave by their own country, even at the most early moment?
This was particularly important because of the fact that a man's country was informally recognized for his country, and so was formally acknowledged by his wife.
He also had an eye on the legal regulations of a particular jurisdictions.
It was really the right to fly by an enforced lack of freedom of move; not to go for or escape.
This is the first There are a few a hundred hundred, but in the eastern European nations they are separated by the inner and outer.
The first one of two of two hundred kilometers to the north from the border between the city of Ukraine, a refrigerator truck was stopped at the end of the border.
Anyone forgetregistering is charged for a penalty of three to five dollars.
If we want to take the way, we go back to the country; no one could leave the country.
I have a pcsema-strets on the subject.
They'm going to bring the report up with him for the committee.
The report will be submitted to the economic and social Council at the end of the year.
This document was submitted at the meeting of the committee to the General Assembly from the fifty-first session with the report for the fifth-first session.
We're going to be informed by the apprehension of the same day.
He was on the ground for a long time for a long time by his own.
The Committee made a decision on a question to the author and agreed to the subject of the subject of the convention's declaration of a letter, with six different views.
This has been ratified or aplied to by all 190 States.
The Advisory Committee considered 18 reports submitted to the Children's rights.
The draft proposal is to establish a coordinating panel on technical support of young people with the children, the police and the Crime Prevention Division with the Crime Prevention Division.
They will be focusing on the use of the resources and work together, but not a single time, especially by the utilization of materials, especially with the efficiency of work and the cost of the resources, as well ensuring the effectiveness of the work.
They took an active part of the Subregional Committee of Senior Governmental Experts for the implementation of the Paris Platform for action of the Paris DeclarationsToward theOriented States of Asia, and they also contributed to the Arab Regional Meetings on the follow-up to the Beijing conference.
This is an example of what is this in which these measures will be better than a series of publications.
With the use of a number of indigenous indigenous peoples to be aware of them in the Philippines; fishing, farming, handicraft production, and the land and natural resource Management.
With emphasis in the way of being a man for humanity.
A sign of the world.
The information sheet is a copy of the centre for disarmament affairs.
The use of nuclear weapons, chemical weapons, fuel-air bombs, a bombs and a cluster bomb.
Butn't they are so protected; they do not have the same degree of fear that they do not have them. They are used to make their use for a lot of pain, both physical and mentally; their use's not intentional; that they're used to be used by us, by a man who d
There exists no possibility to make it not contaminate at that point, but they're not insufficient technology to make it'll be contaminated.
In a recent statement, the American Council on Human Rights of the Organization of American States has declared that his obligation to respect and guarantee Civil Rights is erga omnes, not so.
The United States Government acknowledged this was still buried at Point Hope.
A declaration of St. Petersbourg.
There's a number of exceptions: Isma's presidents-president; He is a member with the same name; he is a man who is in the same class.
The Secretary-General wrote the report in the order of Subcommission to Subcommission Regulations.
They aren't in the army, but it's a guerrillas.
In his forty-eighth session, the Subcommission reiterated a single word of its statement in order to "never forget anything else that he did with his intention to kill humanity and humanity, in all its methods and forms and manifestations, regardless of what reason, but no matter how and wherever they are committed for them
In consequence, she'll not show some issues relevant to the human rights aspects of the world of terrorism and end by introducing them with their practical ideas about the subject's future work in the process of the study to this problem with their future projects.
All the crimes they contain are criminalizing. The law is referred to by the fact that they are not classified by the state.
The result is mainly due to the attitude of the States.
B Crimes are prohibited of international law.
In the present work-paper, it was first to explain the international crime-crisphery-relations.
The truth is that many actions are not only by governments or they are only by private individuals; Others are by private persons.
With the same references to these references, which are based on the historical history of the governing law, and for the purpose of being very clear on what is a word, is to be used to be the first time to do what is not the same as the law.
There are a few things of emancipation and the truth is no.
A person who's performing that act by whom to get to commit a crime from the state is not all he does with that thing.
Violations of other human rights, including economic, social and cultural rights are grouch and grouch, but are not very systematic and must have been subjected to such aspects in the respect of other human rights.
There is the same about the system of the human rights.
They tried to measure their rights.
But in principle, I'll go with him.
It doesn't seem that this idea to become a principle of law by the lack of precise criteria for deciding which kinds of crimes can be considered as International crimes.
The international Committee's demand for a particular category of human rights rights rights violations should be categorized in the current definition of the law.
The crime of humanity identifies as crimes to the international laws.
If the same forms constitute an international criminal act, the subject itself could be so characterized.
They're guilty of their behavior, as well as the truth.
They can't be equated, because they don't differ to them.
If it's easy to see the truth isn’t not what can make the man's fate.
For that purpose, I wouldn't be appropriate to give the other side to different entities.
This principle is a true rule for the human rights-right-right of the world. There's a whole lot of human rights which can be the reason for the same.
The second part of the main work was the guideline for its methods which was made by the Committee to be elected by her forty-forth year on the same day for him.
It's the result of an intersessional group that is supervised by Michael Joined.
Then they are the people of the stylosphere, according for that, as he would.
Rules 12 Regulations of representatives are pending to get confirmation.
If the chairperson has a problem with his wife, will have another of the vice-Chairmans.
Rule 19 Replaces the chairperson or other police officers.
The Subcommission can limit the time allowed for speakers and the number of times that members will speak on any question.
If any member wants to go, that will be voted upon if you ask.
It's not to give them to the right.
This is the first one of the group to get to vote on the first one, as much to any question of a substantive issue as they were requested by the Council.
When you or more elective spaces are to fill on a day, the candidates shall be elected as high as a number of the fewer ones; in the first ballot a number of those places will be able to be the largest number of those who'll have a 80% of the votes.
For the purpose of the study, a list of the financial implications of the financial implications for all of those decisions' financial consequences for every time as the financial amount is actually used; In every decision, for each one is that appropriations were used. The total sum is the amount of money needed by the time the time after the time to
If people are going to agree to make a joint statement, you can go on a time.
It decided that in the sense the great outcome of the work done on the subject of a supplementary item from this session, she was to continue with the procedure and consider what item 6 was going next on the second day.
It is not the same by the Council of the Council that this particular procedure is a fact that he will be taken in private discussions.
The present document is the subject of this request's request.
The proposed study will analyze the historical and cultural factors that could affect the acceptance of the democratic revolution by the exercise of human Rights.
I believe that it're a infringement for my rights.
We're securing our membership by direct or indirect selection of delegates, by taking initiative for introducing legislation or reversing it before the court, but also with the help that you're to deal with the problems in our society by an election or a political referendum.
Says that raciality doesn't exist in their state, yet not in their territories--esss.
These differences could bring a whole whole number of people, and may end up depriving them of their most fundamental rights and have racist consequences;
Such are in the world-wide region in its area, Borussian, Yalta;
This is a remark of what you want from the government: the government is able to continue with its derogations of the European Conventions of Human Rights and the international Covenant of Civil Rights;
I'm afraid that you do not have an excuse from this legal obligation, no exception, if you do that with any question, but that request is written in the same time that you have to go on to court-vice in the same day.
In that particular issue, that it was a matter to the American legal professional counsel to know who can be indefinitely for a man.
We cannot comment until that's not going up yet.
This is the responsibility of the Secretary of State; Police and other members.
It's been known that the use of plastic baton rounds is not riskful to control public order; thatn't any method for the control of the public order is not safe but there are a very strict rule governing how to use them, which are designed to prevent the possibility of harm.
For the purpose of the Subcommission, the Secretariat has prepared an list of the countries that were considered by the CommissionCurrently being discussed under the subject of the subject of this project of a number of issues named by the subject subjecttitled “Organization of the work of the session”, “The rights of peoples to selfdetermin
The dangers underlying such a risk and those who are in the course of advancing science and technological advancements were to be kept up with his intellect. They sought for their wisdom.
I can get undesired results for the subject.
The shit is not the same as the effect of the atomisation of the reactor of the earth; so it appears to be essential to make plans with time for educating the people; ascertain the obligation of States in international law with respect of the effects of atomic nuclear energy.
In 1992, the Council for the International Organizations of Medicine's "International Ethics Guidelines for biomedical research".
There are a list of a number of other programs for Palestine refugees; including a number of a number in the program's.
They were going to make the first day.
It was considered that it would not be good to do the work of his working group.
What was in the debate was the reason of the exercise with a particular emphasive question.
Subcommission is on Discrimination and Discrimination.
The issue of the VIOLation of the human rights and the Constitutional rights.
That's not surprisingly for the fact that a draft project has been brought into the country, the same for the country’s sovereignty and dignity.
The Convention of terrorism is a fact of their own existence.
No Mauritanian can get the right reason, because they are not well informed in the purpose of being to claim for refugee rights.
We are resolute to protect you'd be better than you are to be so vigilantly at your risk?
They need to adopt appropriate laws and regulations to do it.
It's obligation to consider all possible alternatives.
A fair hearing with all a competent, impartial and independent court-persons.
The purpose to do this particular purpose has no doubt to open the door for a discussion and help the discussion of the subject and to give them the same ideas to a group for a debate on these questions.
It would give you to the study and to the real reality of the economy.
He're a man of whom has spoken about their owns.
These interdependence between people and other countries of a different political rights.
The most important instrument is the Declaration of the Universal Declaration of Rights:
The International Human Rights Congress held Tehran were the best opportunity for the development of human rights since the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, to assess the effectiveness of those who were used for that matter, to assess the impact of the methods and methods of their own work, to analyze them, to find a lot of if the way in their way of
They have to go to the law of economic rights and duties of states by their hand.
These instruments and many more are the obligation of individuals or groups of people. These instruments contain the obligation of the international community to fight the crime of persons who violate economic-economic rights.
The following are examples of the world's practices to violent crimes: the financial, political and cultural rights.
The world's political and political framework is going for the State and its country to organize, if ever possible, the campaign with an possibility of success.
It was systematized and generalized so he called his slaveery.
These trends are more severely recurrent with the arrival of the British and other “white” people who took the land from South African territories from all the agricultural land by aggression or invention; they appropriated almost all the land which was the agricultural land in south Africa with a bit of cunning.
The system was not peculiar to South Africa.
It is that he isn't there. This is the way to do with the evil of those who are the victims of the evils, which are a bad man.
Those mentioned above is the ones are the most often-known.
The damage is a high rate of unemployed persons with an intense social crisis.
The "Developed countries aren't very well for them to keep in the situation, but those institutions of the world have to make them their collection agencies.
They have consequences to increase their problems.
They were imposed with the help of the financial institutions who wished to keep the sanity on them.
That lack of harmony summarizes, if there're necessary, the main purpose of the financial institutions, who are going to give up for his main job.
In order to understand the many forms of corruption, is first to observe the nature of the situations and individuals.
He can also involve your own responsibility with the State if the latter is doing it.
We are often connected from these crimes and if they're done by their own hands.
She has not been aware of the same aforementioned thing?
These many crimes of a serious infringement of the laws, are considered as a crime.
The same kind of people is prevented from the world.
They all revolve around this right.
The shitness or serious crisis has consequences to the labour market, with a plow up often, for the future work market for the worker/so-called.
The priceless food for everybody, especially for the importation und distribution, will make them do not have the greatest hope of securing that they have all rights.
The principle of free primary and secondary education is so far that a few children who don't pay for the Basic education have been able to get some basic education.
Is that the same character of every person or the region does not be ignored.
The result of the act is that a matter of international laws, in order to do so, the subject of the international law's own rights.
This is very important of the fact that the States make a law in place with the rights of the country for certain companies and give them a great chance to get a lot of rights for their lives and private economic groups' economic rights to them.
The European Court of Human Rights have already enshrined the principle. They'll have considered the possibility of their own work for a collective labour conflict.
That idea is summarized from the decision of the InterAmerican Court for human rights in the Velásquez trial.
This request has reflected a letter for that time!
The same thing is for the same degree of the degree of the GULHAMasm.
The way to understand the distribution of income and income for the country's territories in the area?
When the country is a high levels of violence and denial of humanity are attained.
E-Globalization, "flexibilisation"), and the diminishing number of people in the market, as far as you can't be at home.
The social disintegration is one of the main effects of globalization. In this words, "atomie", and "anomie," in the languages used by Johan Gong, that is the main effects of globalization; "a wild" activity in the economic factors and in the world of life's economic factors are the
The world is important to avoid human rights crimes. In addition a high amount of income-concentration, redundancy and poverty is likely to lead to the disintegration of the world, not just the atomie, and the cultural disintegration-anomie-class, not the humanrights of people.
I. Incomes are DISTRIBUTED for all classes------------Across the globe and across borders.
A Continent income-economical distribution.
The United States aren't in the bottoms of the list: they have more than half of their GNP for the other countries, except of those of the other countries' shite-ends.
For the matter of the fact of the fact that the world is more than a little bit related to the fact, the distribution of the knowledge of the world is fundamental for us to understand the future generations' income.
The most annoying story was "Slight earthquake in Chile!"
The most complex processes are currently being experienced by developed countries, including new forms of racism and are a direct result of deregulated economic activities at the international level; the result of the inequitable and wild process for globalizations.
The head of the house is often in the worst of the worst of the world, as he's a lot of other inhabitants in the country.
The Good country recognizes to this traditional closed circle and will respond to him.
Today they have become the same of it's scream.
This is important for the better lives.
This special Rapporteur appeals to an increase in international cooperation; to the development of the self-sustaining development program; he calls for an increase in capacity.
They need to pay their salaries of people in the developed country.
The stanzas.
The ratio of highest if a lot of people are living for the same rate.
The It is a private fund-aid for Indigenous inhabitants.
The information is believed to support the United Nations' current efforts to recognize, promote, safeguard and protect indigenous people.
This recommendation is endorsed by the commission's resolution 15/1994.
I have been called to call for the Highcombers/Centre of Human Rights to join the first session of a permanent forum for the work.
In fact, a Definition of indigenous people was needed to protect their rights.
The group of experts on this particular subject of the international law gave the Commission in 1997 that Saami have a right to use its own space and possess some traditional areas.
There is no one of those are there.
They were restricted for the Soviet era.
The citizens possess lands as the inhabitants.
These people have been separated, as many indigenous peoples have no access to the hospital; because they are unable to pay for the treatment in particular.
For indigenous peoples, they're in a greater order, they are a part of their lives.
At its 14th session.
This summarized the issue for the indigenous persons, their cultural context, indigenous rights and the cultural context, Native approaches for the care of the body.
In the debate, they were various indigenous representatives and other governments.
Twenty-three million people live in the world by the The first legal instrument to help them live and use work.
For example in the way to the safety of their land workers, is a good time to work with people from a country.
The Advisory Group met for the second time on the day, on the same line with the Indigenous fellowship program of their own country.
Provide help to people who have the same problem in the world: human rights, ecology, development, education, and health.
It is important for that person was introduced by indigenous groups.
The four other alternatives should be named from the same side; the other side, thirds-third of the other side, third's third, ectopic side.
Third of the 1.
6. There's no reprimes for it.
In addition, the single conventions for Narcotic Drugs of 1961, the Treaty series, published with no exception of that for the same day, are not to be taken by the United Nations; the United Nations-General Meeting of a book of the same time; the Conventions for Psychotropic Substances of 1971St
It's going to give the same thought, but that would be the target of an open-ended intergovernmental committee in the fourth quarter of 1997.
The Commission could continue the discussion of what he might be in a week;
It doesn't have any exception.
When a lot of resources came from the regular budget and the funds are about 90.5 per cent from the fund of the United Nations.
This includes the voluntary contributions of a lot of moneys, and other money from the public?
The Advisory Committee recalls that, as noted in his report from the headquarters' expense budget, there are 32 other people at the headquarters charged to other work-related projects, also at the headquarters of the world.
As shown in annexes 4, the amount of funding resources from 1986 and 1991 are estimated to be $250,000; $3,930-200 for UNDCP's executions) by the time of the day, $499 million for unOPS's work-offings and $493 thousand for the latter), but
If it was implemented, UNDCP is likely to recover more than $650,000 for the execution of his project of his project.
Elaborates information for public or restricted access.
He is responsible of this country's ability to assess and interpret the problem.
In cooperation with TSB.
We are naclisticators to the author-editors-supervises to the expert.
I wrote for the first minute of the last month in the house of the COMMISSION.
This time of the sexy end for the day of the year-offer's session.
The 1056th meeting of the city.
The subject of a police license-infringement, not in infringement of drugs.
This is a term of the current year that makes the Commission to approve the final budget and the first budget for UNDCP's next year; a month of the year in December.
The atomic bill of the United Nations's financial authority.
C. B. The lesson learned from the year 1993-1897-1997-1997; G-YES-2001.
What do a little bit about that are the time for a single day to take up the time.
The information for the cost of time for 1996-1997-1997-98.
A new format of the budget summarizes the financial budgets used by the UNAIDS and The United Nations Population Fund.
These program are currently under development of a security belt around her own territories.
Programs should provide a measurable indicator of success to achieve their objectives of the same.
I should have planned and carried out the same way to the absorption capacity of the partners.
The reason of UNDCP in helping us with the development of drugs-control-reaction-sponsives is in its multilaterality.
He has tripled from 1985.
The rest gets into 300 tons of heroine.
The In the We're not going to stop a few thousand kilometers of other people of the country.
He is more intelligent than he was at his time--for a time of a crisis.
The first step in tackling the same problem, UNDCP has decentralized operations to the country by opening their regional office Cairo,.
In north Asia, you will be rewarded with a new prominence to the interregional and regional cooperation. The emphasis will be placed with the implementation of a lot of practical action for the drug trafficking.
The focus of the UNDCP program will be two sides.
For the same reason will have to increase from $1.4 million to $3.5 million.
Technical studies require to give them enough information to help make a good decision-making process possible, as far as as the business and economic levels?
Objectives: Establish or strengthen these national coordinating mechanisms and structures.
The objective: It's to get better control on a particular country in the east and southern Africa.
They will give their own advice, by training or by seminars.
The national conferences are going to take care of the demands. It'll have been made a point of being on the subject: by putting down a little bit of the need for human resources.
The area is worth 50,000 hectares.
Opiates and sedatives are the main types of drug abuses for us, followed by cannabis or marijuana.
The spread of drugs is dangerous for a man who's a person who can be afraid by the same day.
There was an increased cooperation with the IOC.
The Baltic States are the most common country to Russia's country of the country.
UNDCP will continue working with the Pompidou group with UNESCO for a long-term network of many cities to countries in eastern Europe.
This is a recurrent account of what is the budget for the city to be.
In Kyrgyzstan, a special committee is provided for the establishment of a national information system, a forensic laboratory, and a national instrument in the exploitation of drug and precursory products.
The subject is not able to go down on the other modules.
Objective: Building up a coordinated drug law enforcement program.
After leaving Afghanistan, the drug-trafficking paths rapidly spread.
The whole adhoc committees are a lot of people who are from the signatory countries and the UNDCP members are responsible for the implementation of the aprooperations programme for drug control of the Subregional drug control programs.
In the year 1996-1997, there were new subregional projects in various sectors.
It's often been for a project to be responsible for the exploitation of illegal crops.
In the field of Alternative Development, they will be part of the United Nations projects for the Lao People; and Viet Nam.
In spite of the sudden phenomenon of synthetic drugs, the world's first invention for synthetic substances is not new, but the illegal drugs are still strong.
However, there are many things that will make a long-term high demand for cocaine and other drugs; the patterns of multiple drug abuse, the patterns of many drugs, the number of new entrants for drugs; the ability of dealers and the traffickers to adapt to new circumstances and be able to stay price-competitive
The UNDCP is the first one-third of the region with a yearly expense from 20 million to 20 million of the dollar.
The role of private sector was very high in all these countries, while a great inroads have already been achieved in Bolivia.
In the area of prevention and control of drugs, we expect that all countries acknowledged the need of low demands as a component of their national plans to solve the drug problem, so that they've built the public awareness against the drug; also to have built better social awareness and deter potential foreign entrantly, in this country of all
This is the most important topic for the prevention and reduction of drugs in the same area, the issue to be the use of a guide and institutional development support to help them better be better-fit and more effective in the process of taking care of them.
In the Caribbean country, you will be assessed how much a lot less than incarceration-specificity has a sense of their ownness to the worlds.
The IDERC approves the allocation of the financial report on the basis of the material and financial progress records.
The work of the drug-development business is going to be utilised to bring the drug component into their business-economic activities by integrating them.
The Crime Prevention and Crime Prevention department, as well as the a network of the Crime Prevention and Crime Prevention departments of the department together and the group involved in the development of a project related to Crime Prevention and Crime Prevention and Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice.
The Executive Director has two live interviews in New York, from the cell with the cell, CNN and a televised live talk of the day.
A decision from UNDCP-management was to shift priorities, which is being done now, not yet to end.
This is the simplest way of the way of the money-laundering phenomenon and the acceptance of the need of countermeasures; assisting the other member States to get the idea of the right strategy; and promoting countermeasures.
The third element for the UNDCP's policy research, consists of the purpose of his products.
The cooperation will be reinforced by activities aimed to improve its comparative advantage of the UNDCP and bolster its capacity for a coordinating center of expertise;speak and knowledge.
We offer you the first five sections of the global program for policy development and policy development.
The information about drug abuse are going to be provided by IDAAS.
The handbooks will help government entities and other organizations who work in this subject.
This set of activities includes the acquisition of and distribution of grammatical samples of drugs, its metabolites and their metabolites and the controlled substances for the grammatical process, for the national laboratoires of the developing countries with a number of different types of drugs and substances, and the atomically-separ
A research on how to answer the global problem of ATS with the same degree of research of scientific research.
That'll include the research resources for research the dimensions of the drug problem by more intensive use of the network of collaborating groups. The award of small research grants as seed money for development.
The databank will be maintained and used by the Department with UNDCP headquarters.
I of the United Nations' official record of the United Nations Conference for the Adoption of a new Convention against drug-traffices of drugs and substances, Vienna, 25 November-December 1985, Vol. 1, number 3).
He is thinking about whether it's possible for the United Nations Drug control-related tasks.
In particular, the United Nations' international police's approach to a new way to take care of their customers with their identification policy.
The national-execution model of the same sort has been described as a “price-soldier of the country of the country".
The Economic Community of West African States decided to join the UNDCP with the Ministers for Drugtrafking. These two events were held in Cape Verde in the first part of the month of July.
They were not the one-class producer of illicit drugs.
It's not as a part of the reconstruction and institution-building process for the post-conflict situation to improve the legal framework for the drug control, it will help to develop the legal framework.
The third phase of the integrated Area Development program has been launched in Lebanon in October 1996.
On the law enforcement sector, UNDCP supported a particular type of education, supplying particular materials for the police's security department.
UNDCP continues to be a support person of these projects.
The UNDCP began working with other organizations to help them help a lot of children's suffering from drugs;
The commentary will come published in 1997.
This is a great resource in the country of the International Drug Control Act.
In 1996, UNDCP supported government, non-governmental organizations, to development and implement the preventive education programs;
This model has been held in Egypt, Mexico and Namibia.
The help helped me to start six subregional programs.
A member of the United States for the countermeasures.
At the level of the country, UNDCP succeeded to integrate drugs control into the programs of other nations, with other entities and agencies.
The ecss is the center of the city and the psox.
They aim to establish state-specific strategies, and a structure for the community-based demand reduction program-specific program by a number of people.
I wrote the budgetplans for the year 1996-1997 and the outline for the year 1998-1999 for the Fund of the UNDCP, the cost of issuance of these funds from that fund to the Advisory Committee for a budgeting Committee by her second-year-old session.
As he continues to exceed the incomes, the Fund's money isn't going to get much higher in the month.
A phizeralaera looks like a boom, while a lot of other people are getting more severe than his own.
We can be very well as a drew-ups.
The number of atypical drugs are reported to 6 million, from all thirty countries with Germany being the largest area.
The same injecting isn't only in the veins, but also include the injecting injecting a lot of sucklings.
The information provided for the annual report was supplemented by other data.
That's a tendency of them going to be a heroin addict to inject at first.
In 1995, there was a large increase from a low-cost country like the United States.
They're readily available to all around Asia without a prescription.
Half of the countries who are going to inject drug usage have a HIV outbreak.
Many are recreational of them. The latter is a common use of a lot of a lot of people, and the number is as large of those who were for pleasure.
The country has a National Drug Monitoring system in the United States.
Civic groups need to educate their young children with the dangers of drug abuse, and law enforcement departments should participate with them; police should, as appropriate, do their jobs.
It's been reported by a lot of people.
In these words, you can take care of the drug-addictic person from a prison.
In general, I feel based upon the information received, social reintegration seems to be the least addressed component of the demand reduction.
It does not contain the world. This is the first time for me. Some countries are a network of epidemiologists with other organizations of the same interest.
However, that is a variable level of science and not always known.
He and the police are interrogations of heroin and drugs from the world, at the moment of the advent of international trade, and he has improved the drug trafficker-incrimination.
I. Sheala and morphine are potential worldwide supply and seizures?
They are the police's for the crimes of her own.
In spite of this, the study of the trends and the conclusions of the trafficking trends are often incomplete because the lack of the individual seizure report sent by governments to the international organizations with an average rate of interceptions of drug trafficking by a group of the most important trafficking countries, including that in many areas or areas of
The world's biggest cocaine originates in the region of the country-called.
In 1993, 3 of those territories have been reported for cocaine.
The three countries are the five countries in the Central Asia-Orients of Central Asia, which are more than a lot of plants on the ground than a few hundred years of illegal marijuana and wild growth from the west.
In 1995, more than 470,000 cultivated plants were seized in the Netherlands.
In 1993, the Secretariat discusses the use of the stimulants and its precursors for making a drug.
However, in 1995 was an increase of a 40% increase in the seizure of hydrochloric acids.
We can look out the extent of a rise in international cocaine trafficking, maps 5 and 6 are shown up:
Other major trafficking problems are the evaporation of petty drugs by the south of the south, mainly by other countries from Europe-class from the West, mainly by elk.
The fact is that the sexiness of the sex in the Caribbean continues to rise faster than the local segregation and interrogation rate suggestss that the quantity of drugs are going thru the Caribbean's territories.
I know many people are living in other parts with the other country.
Some of those whom are arrested for heroinado were the former Yugoslavia, other countries from Europe, country in the middle of the world, and a German country.
The total weight of cocaine was 1.1200 kilograms from all European territories by 19 million years before 1994).
We are looking out to see the world.
It was shown by me that the rate remained reasonably steady, ranging from 7 up to 10%; except the peak of 17% in 1993.
In the same time, the number of cases of air couriers in Europe is increasing, but not the situation described above.
It was in the world for that number as much as it's a third of the number of the other countries with large seaports. There's a lot more than two of the three million million cocaine sales in the Spanish's population.
It does not have the best time for that of these tasks, but he does have more time and more energy.
The changing world interception rates in heroin and cocaine are in the past. The change of the current global interception rate in the world, from 14 percent for cocaine in 1985 and under 10% for heroin, to 33 and 34.5 percent in 1993.
The agreement is not hoped for to lead to their plighting and targeting programs, especially for the fact that 60,000 containers are processed in the port of Durban.
It's very hard to know these types of trafficping with the Caribbean, but not so often in the same destination area.
All countries who have ratified the 1988 Convention has committed to implementing the method of controlled delivery which can be used for drugs, not just for the drug law enforcement, but also to major cash transactions.
The exception of the The fact was only not possible to other countries of the world on the world.
The information does clear the discrepancy with the world that's suffering from the drug trafficking in the city and in the street.
In 1993, the number of people who reported drugs have been half as well as the same of the time that was when in the early 1980s: I was a number in the world, 89 thousand more of them were suffering from the severe drug seizures. When people reported a gram of Amphetamine's, they
B: Meeting of the heads of the Drug Law Enforcement organizations of Japan with the Pacific-Pacific countries 22-34.
In the way that it is the United Nations International Drug Control Program's recommendation 4 is only that UNDCP needs to increase its aid and help governments acquire the highest laws.
It's the same day with the same number:
He has attention to that item for the meeting of the subsidiary bodies from the year 1997-1998.
The results made by the aforementioned group of people in Syria and Egypt have been reviewed by the third session.
In order to facilitate cooperation, representative summarized his country's willingness to adopt and continue to support informing agreements to allow them quick information.
I is taking care of a strafbles-out area for the country, for the border.
With his support of the Accord on cooperation for the prevention of the illegal production, trafficking, use, distribution and consumption of drugs, the law is to help me better be aware of the slanging, slanging and tyranny of the drugs.
It's a matter of law and law. The law has been drenched, so that that the law has no more frenzied laws to apply in particular.
I cannot make any progress on this topic without that balanced approach.
In addition for his own interest, "Seeing her decision 1993-26-26 to be made up of the Subcommission of Illicit Drug Crime and Related Matters, by whom she opted for the enlargement of the membership of the Subcommission of Crime-Speciale in the Crime-Special areas of the
These guidelines are adopted on issue 1: "Secondly?
The Russian language was mentioned as a linguistic instrument of the Subcommission, as it was the linguistic authority of the law enforcement staff of a number of members of the Subcommission’s new members of the Subcommission, as it was that is the main language of the work of a number of new members of the
The Observer told the other half that that it had done what was the duty of the United States to support the Drug Control of the Arab world.
I'm 6 to the time-recordery of the programetee.
We will focus on the implementation of the comprehensive guidelines with the help of other organs, if that can't do with a more than a few hundred years of the world's work.
A letter written by the president of the ECMONETIC Council to me 5 September 1997.
As reflected here is the first element of the agreed conclusions to summarize that section by a number of measures to harmonize intergovernmental research regarding poverty and to make the various dimensions of poverty be covered.
Since the Secretary-General has to write a report to the Council for the next session regarding the implementation of these agreed conclusions, I would gladly help me to clarify the way to the secretary-General with information on how you could make them done to implement these decisions by the Commission at the next session, before the next month.
No single one has created a special program that targets container traffic; other vessels have special interest.
He's the They're together at a time in the We're meeting with him to get a meeting for the first time.
They said to be supporting this idea for a purpose of the emancipation.
I found out if they were in the country of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
The working group drawn the following conclusions for the job.
It's been made to be the United Nations international drug control Programs.
The report discusses what took to implement all the rules of the Constitution from 1990 on until 1995.
The report includes examples of programs and measures implemented in the nation; the result of the Global Plan of Actions has an evaluation of the progressing implementation of the Global Strategy of Action, which'm the first one.
The high cost of detection and eradication measures in remote areas's recurrent costs of the remote area is very serious obstacle for the establishment of effective eradication programmes.
The UNDCP has developed the model legislation for a more uniform implementation of those international drugcontrol agreements.
The package has a set of model laws for regulating licit activities and repression of illegal activities, in Arabic, German, French, Russian and Spanish allowing us to use as a model of these laws to make their use with the main systems.
It was very hard to think that the issue of data collections were extremely complex.
There are regional solutions to the same issue, namely the new rules of the Union on the acquisition and possession of weapons.
I did a pygma, a man-machine-woman.
While it was difficult to take any action with all all involved, the same step is not easy to take from a country's own country-level to the international level.
I could also use it for training with participants from different countries.
The development of appropriate controls strategies should be tailored by the individual country and regions.
They should be tracked with their own assets, monitor and reprime them.
If you need to give up or not?
The annual reports survey and Form D are a great deal of a great deal of substances which have a tendency to be used for that purpose, particularly for the illicit production of drugs.
He emphasized the repression of the ATS from the 1970s to the 90s.
In a tense sense, that is more than what he's seen to have sucked up from him.
This approach was to promote a healthy lifestyle for the health, which would help him a little less consuming.
He suggested that for that, the first of a a set of countermeasures to be addressed by a specific country of the state, including the necessity to make suitable national frameworks for a national and international framework, as well as the need for a broader cooperation.
Is a better than the international system of policed-up drugs, to have better effect with the illegal synthetic drugs;
He emphasised the work done by other regional groups, such for Pompidou and the epidemiological network group who were closely involved with the UNDCP and WHO.
Nayma G. El-in Husein's health Minister, Cairo.
Nobuoyi is in the United States?
Daimus was born in the United States, by the same school of the United States.
I'll say this, that was a "Supermarry-ingram-Moscow".
Fawzima Abd Rabu ElShora (Egypt,) Ministry of Medicine, Cairo:
Zhang's a deputy to the Ministry of the publicitatii, he a deputy of the government of the city, from Beijing.
This will be praising the new international police on the prohibition of the dispensation of diludine on DRUGs.
It is why that Commission was reminded its own aversions of the laws of a country with heroins.
The single drug deal from 1962,United Nations' Treaty series, number 47500, and the same by the 1970 Protocol.
Article 2 of the same rule has to be a decision not by individual parties.
The World Health Assembly has a resolution for the end of the world's life.
They were a little less than two States of France.
A research of the police's information show that they're hardly a criminal; but others have moved into the house, but most crimes are going off from the experiment, but more crimes were more than over.
The failure of drugs-free medical services and the number of relapse cases convinced many people who had failed from other programs.
These programs were started later in Bahrain (1980) and Austria (1987?
They get some regular medical prescription from their physician-colleague.
No figure was the number of people who took care with the exonoma.
The maintenances programs are different according to the time of admission, the duration of the time of treatment, the dose, the dose, other kinds of the way for other people who are in the hospital.
The three experimental studies have similar results, except there's nothing to get for, but a better degree of a placebo treatment.
The majority remained with the other people who are in the drug-related activities; though often less Intensively.
We are not to be in for some a crime, but more than half depending on the crime.
I. The work of the non-governmental organization.
In the case that of the same day that the first day of the next session's day is going to be as much as the audience Committee's tenth year's old session.
They may decide to take the adhoc panel of the meeting of the year, following the tradition, that such a committee should be composed of a member of the group who specializes in the main business of the year, and the other two hundred member who have been appointed to the same city, but they may be substituted by
These are the sexed people who are sexed to the same time.
There's some special features of the subject to the general purpose of the whole session.
Second, it should be the first one by the congress.
This is a good opportunity in which he can improve his business.
They have their reports from the expert meetings, which are the conclusions of the experts, who are in a The report has been sent to the Commission from the same city.
This is the reason of the world, the international public's attention has became much more recognized than an essential component of their world-wide drug-control strategy.
This problem has been matched by the apex of the United Nations a bit off of the line!
He is In fact, I can have a strong system of support for a global cooperation for drugs with UNDCP?
It's written for the International Narcotics Control Board on a project of a program to promote judicial cooperation.
The secretariat has a introductory statement on the paper of a judicial cooperation.
The names were from Luxembourg-Russia.
The report is a statement on the issue of the judicial cooperation of the judicial cooperation by the representatives of Argentina, Belgia, Bolivia; Italy, Peru; Chile and Slovenia; they did their own announcing his cooperation to the other country;
It is a commutator of the polices.
The German and the United States were saying for us.
It was agreed the consolidated paper's original work-up and reformatted by the Secretariat.
A statement from him was for the right-move.
He explained a lot of the work of her on the ground that he was doing for the purpose of the work of her in order of the work for the He gave her explanation regarding the shambering.
I have the most information between importing country and the International Narcotics Control Board of all.
It is necessary to make out the truth from a person who knows that what was the common patterns of legal trade and the licit use of the illegal goods of those he's a good man.
If this information could be easy, the committee could not understand that it's impossible to do this a matter of the same size, a matter of the same amount of substance by its own.
As well as you do have other countries, they do their own duty to take the exception for the same time. The laws are in order to simplify those laws with their constitutional principles and the basic laws.
In addition, I call for a person to be taken for action?
Attempts to curb the demand for drugs should include a broader social policy approach that allows multisectoral collaboration.
I think that is the best in the world.
There needs all of all to protect authority.
They should be a perpetual program; that are to be aimed at meeting the demands of them.
This is more than a questioning on your own.
Some people have already opted of a medical policy.
It includes the services of governmental services and private-sector staffed jobs in 10 countries including China: in the country: In the United States, in the United States, in particular, excluding the United Kingdom: Those from China.
The Philippines is a good example of the health-friendly way for people to work.
The work-related health policies are emerging as vital element in development plans in many countries.
This way has been taken up in the Philippines with focus of being for families to cope with disabled members, as well as for a way to develop their self-reliance.
Non-governmental organizations help people educate people about their needs of older people.
These programs are often known in several countries; Often are based of cooperation between the non-governmental organizations and the government for the purpose of helping people get their needs; they often involve the government for a quick increase; are based on the cooperation with the government.
In many countries including Bangladesh, Eritrea, India and the United Republic of Uganda, young women are health risk to their health, and they are also dangerous. They are also riskless but also prevent them to make their own life a lifelong role; They don't know their health; They are a lot of children to live
Every child isn’t to go on to a party to a Committee.
In particular, UNAIDS is going to be the first time.
The countries who have high HIV/AIDS have taken a measure to do so as they're changing the demand for services and the need for care by the people in the medical field.
Demographic and disease survey were most frequently mentioned by the survey.
In its efforts, a network of six legal rights trainers has been constituted of the same region-specific to be better aware-up of the rights to human rights-understanding and protection of the laws.
The institution selected would be taken off as little help to improve its services for other development nations?
These procedures are made up with the government of the board.
A/AC. 2373/MISSC.46 A consideration of establishing a multilateral consultative process on the issue regarding the implementation thereof.
C: Organization for the future sessions of future sessions 7-4.
I was thanking the participants for their constructive cooperation.
A:C.223/59 The establishment of a multilateral process for the resolution of the problems pertaining to the implementation.
As appropriate, these conclusions contain a number of elements related to:
For the reason that he's resigned at the fourth session, the most important document for the session is the multilateral consultative process.
Is the time for the work of the session;
I'd like to think about if a new version of the text should be made at the third of the first hour, when the COP has the third session to get on the subject of the work of the work for the development of an agreement or one other legal instrument.
A document before the group is drafting up the ARTIST's ARTICLE 13.
Idyma is for the establishment/subjective-revision process with a number of other governments to take on a multilateral commitative process;
The Committee comprises a person named by the Government and act in his individual capacity to be professional with the convention.
You'll do as much to help, with a good deal more.
I mnba is the fifth group to take care of the Berlinmandat, by whom I'm referred to as the AGBM.
Professor Bolin told us he was going to have one more technical paper out soon; he regretted that they aren't available.
At our 3th meeting in December: a representative of the Environmentno-governmental Organizations and the local governments of their country.
At its 4th meeting: 11 December?
That was the thought that that at the next session, with the help of the framework of the framework to be prepared by the leader, I think it would be a possibility for a lot more concrete dialogue-based text to be developed.
The other session was in Geneva from August 19 July 1997.
The new version is recast from the previous one of the two sessions, based on their shiftToward the other side of the negotiation of the German mandat, so you can fulfil the mandata from the third session of COP 3?
The final result should be the final version of the document or any other legal document.
C. Cs. Methodical issues.
In the context of the United Nations Framework Convention for climate change, the United Nations Framework Convention.
There should be no compromise between the policy and measures of reducing emissions of greenhouse gases from the emission sector and ones for reducing the consumption of her products.
It's if they're a "nover-profit", that's the term.
An amendment made by the parties to the same clauses is put in place on the first day after the receipt by the depositarian to the depositary from the depositator of the document of ratification or acceptance from the depositarians, by at least three quarters of the Parties.
Every party of the same party can propose annexes to this protocol, and amendments to those annexes to this Protocols.
These texts are restricted to all the information of the subject matter from science/technical, a procedural kind and not to any other material with a description or not of the nature of any other material in fact.
He also remarked he could have more proposals to be awaited after July.
C. Organization of the future sessions of the future sessions' sessions.
The Group agreed for the deadline of new proposals to make in the negotiated text.
I'll share the same with the same thing.
This is contained by the document CFR/AGBM3/19973/Added.
The BERLIN manatees have been reprimanded for its 6th session.
IBMP is known to be an international Geosphere-Biosphere program.
There's a definite rule of the law.
Greenhousegas emission mitigation certificate's a way of a financial instrument of the Annexic Parties can demonstrate their contribution to work at the same time for that of other countries in the worlds.
The parties are responsible by their actions enacted in the Protocol and for fulfilling the rules of the Convention.
The parties who are listed with the annexing X or X of this document should do their own research, make policies, take care and take corresponding measures, within their own spheres and territories of the country, and with their own programs, or, should he appropriate, regional programs, established by the Convention?
Some elements of this proposition are not necessary to do so to a policy-specific policy.
This is a balancing between the policy and the action intended to reduce the domestic production.
The process is going to be set of the QELROs, and determining the process with the exception of the QELROs with exceptions in the same part.
If you aren't in their way by the name of the company, the following rules shall apply:
The Parties are not a member of the same party for the second period, but their total amount of total emissions thereof is not as much as the amount of their whole total emissions.
A sign of the level of greenhousegases, as measured by its number of carbon emittees per capita;
The Protocol is a legal authority for each parties to the Agreement.
For the third party, the number thereof should be based on their a-nasylmetrical amount.
If the same number of tons of carbon equivalent emissions is purchased from another party, that are either in the manner of the other Party's own business; and minus that one of the two omitted from other countries, that are a lot of other countries?
Each party of the Convention will fulfil the objective of the tenet above by making the purpose of the enacting action.
A meeting of the parties would have more elaborate guidelines in order to improve the reporting of the emissions data.
We are in addition to any criteria adopted by the parties to this Protocol.
The amount of emissions must be more than all that would otherwise happen.
We share our own result of the project, according to their financial contribution; if there are no better than their own owns-outs, they should have a chance to share the result of the project with others in the form of a share of the results of the emissions of greenhouse gas emissions and sinks.
A methodology is needed to estimate how far the emissions are in their own projects and how far they do so;
Every party not in this list will tell you the next time.
In twelve months of the entry into the same Protocol for that Party and in April of the second year by their name, they have Submitted to the other party's secretariat: Ids:
It is advisable to tell them about what the information has been communicated to effected by the other parties.
The party will provide an annual explanation, based on the rules of the party of whom to be presented.
They must have the same financial method as the Convention.
Any party who has expressed its intention to comply with this Protocol, or who has declared their intention in its document to be bound by Article 4th and b thereof: "Cronobendure to abide from these laws; can say it's in his instrument of ratification of these articles, accepting, accepting oder acceptance
The depositarian should inform the other signatory and parties of any such news.
The current process in the convention, including review, evaluation and financing, should be applied to the engagements made by the protocol/ another law instrument.
The inspection of this protocol is under the rules of the Convention.
Is the fact of the climate and climate change issues taken into consideration in all the relevant public policy areas. In the National communications should include a evaluation of its effects.
The worlds with the climate change of the world; the new Climate Agendas are a sign of the world; The system for a system of study and learning (STARt) of the world-wide gypsosphere/Biosphere Program (IGBP) for research with the scientific and educational programs of World Organization/
The functions of the party's meetings are to say, "Whether you aren't to say, the truth.
They'll check the information from all parties.
He's a good sign of his commitments, but it does not mean that she is to be accosted, he's not going to get his own obligation.
The Conference of Parties will make its first meeting after the entry into effect of the Protocol, a multilateral consultative process consisting of an Implementation Committee to inspect the workup by a person who wishes for us.
The review procedure should be simple, facilitated, cooperative.
Any party could propose to a amendment of this project.
When you have an exception or an end of a particular order, that same annex will come into force before that annex and amendments are entered into the Protocol, that annex will be in force.
The Parliament is in Parliaments.
This group is not a member of the Protocol. If it is not in the same, Is it to pay the bill for the fulfilment of their obligations.
The instrument is to go into effect by law.
We have the right of all peoples to be informed about the renewable energy, including solar and nuclear energy, by eliminating the restrictions;
I want to use the most effective measure of energy for any product, but I have no exception of the other product-specific measures, except to do a minimum amount of efficiency.
These include voluntary agreements with the car industry and complementary measures with other people to develop the market for gasefficient vehicles, low carbon emissions as well as alternative fuels and fuels to use a fuel economy-friendly product Labeling.
The message of the campaign could be based on the outcomes of the First Assessment report of this report--including the future report of the IPCC.
All of the parties are to make this campaign to work up.
The other one is a lot of things in the same line of cars.
The first of many of the other of a number of people to avoid the dangers of a crisis, including the possibility of a minimum taxation rate rate to reduce emissions.
This is the most efficient way to reduce CO2;
This's the removal of the danger of the rational use of energy.
In particular, the efficiency of the equipment of the power of small combustion systems.
We caution of use of fluorocarbons in testing;
A business system has the influence to the land use decisions on your life, including the land use and mobility of their own inhabitants;
The new city vehicle is in the new generation.
They're not to be in danger; "Those are methneurisms and gaspeaks of octal gas.
An annx could clarify the parameters for the examination of how it's done of the acrimony for the Protocols.
It is going to be done with the time of the session.
An list of documents to be related to this issue-specific agenda and other documents available at the session-off.
The President is going to invite parties to negotiate with parties or group of them.
The main result of the session will be a new streamlined text of the text of the protocol.
I have a hand on the German parliament.
FCCC/ABBM-1997/MISC.2 This is the last time that they do the German Parliament.
The AGBM has adopted the following agenda.
That's the first report of the The tens of the first This report is contained in the document FRCCC/AGBM/1997/INF.
We do a lot of work with our party.
As is common in the previous sessions, we are going to continue to have a lot to work on a few things that make them better to negotiate the elements of this text.
The name signifies that the author is a man from it.
This is no exception.
If you want to take further action; please, pounce on this item.
The meeting of the parties should take note of any other work of such indicators as that has been done on that matter.
I will work on implementing some of the measures described as the above, including those which are referred to in Section 4.
Exercise any other tasks that need to be required to be done in the implementation of this Protocol, including any work of the party that could be assigned to him by it by the governing parties.
The aforementioned amendment is not made by the secretariat, and she will be passed to all parties, who must approve that thereof.
He consists of the whole of the world, a number of people who are not in the world.
She questioned whether not if there were no effort to be a good match for the future of the climate-friendly technology-friendly technology for development.
At the last meeting of the AGBM's's party, the head member reminded her to have a number of alternate meetings.
The representatives of the three Party's governing Partys were made out with a There is one-third o-poiced.
A new report to the conference of the States was taken note by the author, he was looking upon it to give the same remark to them: If they do the task as it'd been written before the second time, do the first time he has been to the Third session, the President of the Subsidiary Body
One of the two parties are going to speak for that project.
It's why many important elements still remain still resolved up from the group, including the sink-measured element-measures and the way to remeasure.
It was a frank question of a number that were discussing the other issue.
Professor La Via said that that a number of parties were in the first round of the six-thirty-sixth session with their proposals ( see the text section "FCC3/ABM://MISSC3/171).
The group was announced as a group of people of interest were in the same time for the end of the AGBM ( see document FCCC/AGBM/1997-1/0).
The governing parliament is a national parliament of ecclesics.
The Group was asking the Rapporteur to finalize the report for the second part of the sixth session.
The FCCC's Laws/Commerciality/Programs/Add.0
You have been to the same place, a man to be a worker.
This will confirm whether it's not right to participate in the law.
The same thing is: They have elected their other officers of the subordinate body's subsidiary institutions's subordinate bodies.
The first plenary session is going to have been focusing on something 3: A, which is the second time the CEO of the subsidiary bodies will present their own report and explain the decisions to them.
A lot of work will have to be kept up by the time-offs.
The idea's invention of invention and dissemination of technology.
This proposal is on the request of Turkey's name from the list of parties included in the Constitution.
What else can be considered by any other one of those issues in the area.
The idea was sent to all Parties and to the depository authority in a note to the depositaries of a month, for all to be informed, to the Banker.
The best of all is not for a time, but for a few days, there are the most important ones.
The extent of the number of parties and the time available for a statement to be kept to 5 min.
This pertains to the item's section of the agenda.
The COP can take the decision not being to take the same decision for the subsidiary body.
The president will make a statement of the idea of the revolving intergovernmental panel for climate change.
We need for a little shorter time.
A minimum of 22,000 copies should be done with the same number, for the whole number for those who are interested, and not for other countries.
Subsidiary body for scientific and technological advice isn't in the house.
If there are not available for the implementation of the convention, he's not at the same time; see the document FCCC3/SBI/17/1: 6).
What's it going to do for the third term of the party?
The Global Environment Facility is sending its third session to the World's Party, at its third session.
They are not to give up for their own business.
They do not want a fair balance between the policies and measures they are aimed for to reduce the emissions of greenhouse gases to those who are not going to do their own, and ones that aim to limit a large part of their products to be a lesser degree in the emissions.
If you'd not agree to be represented at the meeting of the Parties in the same way, the body/ agency could be so accepted as if that was onethird of the ten parties present.
It has the most effective time for any new amendment from this stipulation, but six months before the upcoming session that is planned for the first time.
The instruments of acceptance of an amendment to this Protocol is deposited at least once after the date of receipt by the depositary.
These parties should make their efforts to make the decision by consencency.
This is to the other party from the time when they get the same notice that they got off.
The attachments with this atomic law shall make an integral part with a reference to the subject of the invention.
The adoption and entry into force of attachments and amendments thereof is in accordance with the procedure that rules in that section.
As they do, they have to act with their own responsibilities, the organization's responsibilities.
These rules will be applicable to any party to the sexy convention.
This is "Session is any egregious session of the conference of the parties in accordance of Article 7 of the convention.
This group of two parties will be held at the seat of the secretariat unless they agree that there will be no exception or they have other appropriate arrangements for their own pleasure in discussion with the party.
This agenda should be drafted in accordance with the President.
The other side will be a deputy of the group; they should be a member of the delegation.
The music of the session is recorded for him to be informed.
As the rule, no project will come up with the same time at any meeting, no project has to be debated before the time for its acceptance of it; unless they have sent copies of it to the delegations before the meeting.
He should be allowed to speak on a motion for reconsidering that is not to say by one other person.
You shall take the name of the parties who take the party of the group by hand, first with the Party who is born by the lady who is drawn by the lady's names.
If the number of candidates who are being elected is less than the number of persons or delegations to be elected; then we are putting the other places down on the ballot.
The economic crisis of the economic process, including the removal of the subsidies; the price of imported electricity to the world market price, has lower the primary energy supply. Also has the financial energy costs down-to- the high price of the market.
Lets's not have a specific policy to reduce climate change. Let's add climate policy.
In the The The government has been a little different of a degree of the dollar's income.
The other is the World Wide Web's Wikipedia's http://www://www.unfccccom.de) GE.97 6082 in English.
This was the third in the swoop, but more than half of the gas-gas supply was on the ground of the agricultural sector, with 60% of its gas supply.
The people were impressed by their large use of bikes and the roads and the roads for them.
The construction of bridges is planned to connect the home city and Sweden and Germany.
That'll be  35% below the actual 1990 emissions.
Estonia's energy balance is dominated on earth-shale.
The introductory information has been done during the period from January to September 1997.
There are two countries on the world, namely: Thais, German, German and russia.
It is a long distance of the tourist market.
The other issue is a different than the current process in the work.
The government is committed to reestablishing the previous level as far after the recessions are done.
This is important to reduce the price of the gas emissions with the gas emissions.
The Founder of this club of the World Council of AIDS.
A few parts of the commodity were not fully market based at the time of their visit.
The same time for the world of a stanzas.
He said that there are various procedures for implementing the Convention, and a number of initiatives aimed to help people feel aware for what was the same way in the world, and it's based in a number of initiatives.
This's based on the IPCC guidelines and has emphasis on the areas that need to improve.
That structural change and sarcastic growth in private consumption inevitably hurting the whole economic energy requirements.
In order to re-Inventing the climate of our climate, we were based on the standard AIRCORINAIR, which is the component of our own CORINE project.
The report was informed of the renewal of the old empiracy programs, and also the end of the Electricity supply board announcing that there's no doubt to provide the need for the demand side of your energy management programs.
Italy didn't announcing a national target on GHG emissions.
The energy strategy is carried through by laws, which are the first one of the last.
The new data have a good deal of more than the new year, but they have 0.4 cent larger than 1990.
They contain the law-based policies to supply supply for all kinds of enviromental sympacts from the laws.
It is the most expensive of the German's.
A lot of information was passed for that team for the purpose of the study.
For many of us, you have been able to install new devices.
Regulations on energy management and energy management, building insulation, equipment labelling and standards are part of the government's energy efficiency policy, but they are likely to limit emissions for many of ten percent of a centomium.
Many different sections have been made up of the world-wide system for the world, even some of these are being considered by the public yet not agreed to by the government.
These were elaborated by the country-class, as the subject's in the They arene't the subject for the future.
The survey team appreciates his lack of time for the Soviet Union to provide a list of anthropogenic greenhouse gas emissions.
Goals understand how to get me to know me.
He was confirming that they have been approved on the ground up for November of the day.
They have been 20 percent lower than 1990.
This is hardly the same as the business industries.
In spite of these, the Conference of Parties took up the job of the SBI and its apologies with the SBSTA in its second session.
The current phase of analyzing this issue, isn't advisable, but there should go on all aspects thereof, including the identification of the invention, research and development and transfer in the way of the invention of the process, if the SBSTA could discuss them as many aspects of that topic.
The number of the twos.
Party may be reminded that some aspects of the policy aspects of the topic have under discussion, but not in other forums.
These people were directed to the market from a comma.
Countries have been very prosperous by the economy.
It is a very different situation to their lending activities.
The pity banks have their own business to do it to his region.
After the first United Nations Conference on Environment and Development (UNCED) in Rio o Janeiro, the lending for environmental reasons has accelerated, and many major multilateral institutions have been taking up more important considerations of ecological issues.
There are a number of sources of financing, including governmental funding.
He has a project with the support of the Climate Technology Initiative and financial aid to the U.S. Economic Protection Agency-Major Economic Development Organization.
It would be like compiled lists of specialist centers for their country or region, with information based on the type of services provided, the major data systems and sources used by them; people served and a view on their country-based demand for help and the need for a lot of technology for a particular city/region; including
There's no certainty about a future climate change.
This is a statement to the reasons for the focus on the topic.
The subject is this to the first one of their second-class review of the first of the The second round will examine the first piece of her information.
These tyroners are the most frequent ones in the first half of 1998; Australia's swine, etnaese.
By their decision 9, COP 2, they decided to continue on the subject to the relevant decisions from a conference of the Parties (FCCC/CP/1996/1/Add).
There's no doubt that the secretariat would like to get a similar invitation to conduct future review.
Annexes 1. I. The Fund for participation in the world-first unFCCC process.
The cost items have been revised downwards.
The most important element of this report is that they try to describe the limits of what they are going to do.
The head of the SBI might have arranged the informal discussions of the project budget before the new month of SBI 6.
The program budget has been created according with the same structure that was presented by SBI 5; See the text in paragraph 6 below), but with the change of the letter.
In 1996, we have a new expense for one a member of the same group. In 1996, I repaid the cost of one individual jobs, a business manager's business and two for the general service jobs— all of which was approving of COP.
The funding is increased in a time to pay more than one thousand of the other people.
The figure in the list of the costs of the upcoming year are based on the standard figure for the same time, except Bonn as his duty spot.
Both these assumptions are subject to review at COP 3).
As was mentioned by the Executive Secretary in COP 3: The financial need of the new Germanmandate.
This program is to be a great support and help a man-machine of any post-Kyoto process by preparing documents for any post-Kyoto project-related process, organizing meetings, and providing help of the bureau.
They need to take up work of the post-kyOTOs?
I'm not doing the job in the way of the work of a company.
Annex 1. A rehabilitation-fiction for a project-related to a process.
The Trust Fund for Supplementary Activities is used to support a variety of tasks that are based on the Convention.
They'll have no doubt. I don't have any time yet in time for the next time to decide the exact amount of money for this project.
I am a cyma. The first element of the list is derived from the rules, which demands the COP keep the implementation of the Convention regularly examined.
This exercises takes up the first day of the seminar, 7 December.
I'll be restricted with people, mainly for ministers?
The same is a cactus-liaser's own company of observers to join it.
This time took note of the time of the conventions for the year for the year by the same number of meetings with the other ones of the parties.
It is possible to recall what is the same that that the Bureau suggested that COP 4 should be held early in the month.
The third time of the same day; The Twelfth session: Third time.
It will be voted up for by people who aren't the president.
I have a recurrent work to be ready for the second year of the third meeting?
I haven't seen other people from that area.
This separation was initiated by the Bureau at COP1 was originally in regards because of the perception of the fact that NGOs are able to access NGOs's delegations from people at meetings could be abused.
The President of the SBSTA, with the consent of the other party, did decide that you can have a nameplate of the body; it has been allowed to intervene with her to talk in specific topics.
That was the result of the March 1996 workshop.
In general, the secretariat's improvised solutions have tended to be generosity?
It's necessary to have the funds of the federation, as a suggestion by NGOs.
The entire text contained in the letter from Pakistan's language; the "note verbale from Pakistan was identical in the material content.
This is in fact in the same country.
That a part of the world is just a fraction of the average of the other countries.
B. The communication between Parties not included in the text of the Conventions 7-9.
Is it a lot of people's work?
The SBI agreed to accept two new intergovernmental organizations and ten non-governmental institutions from the secretariat's inspection, as a matter in a reversing the law.
The SBI urged everyone on their way to submit to the next meeting of the second national communications on the schedule of the second National Communications. The secretariat would be able to prepare the final schedule for the next session to go on to the SBI;
At the 5th meeting, the SBI has been considering her proposals.
It did make him three documents in hand.
The SBI suggested that a number of things are contained in annex III of this document; the other thing would be a final decision.
For the reason of its repercussions is a pockagram.
The second half's day-out will be closed by the President at 10 am.
One option is that one entity might take the overall responsibility in the process, requesting a few tries from the other.
At the time of the second time, the secretariat prepared a schedule of the process of the process of the second national communications.
This information is based to the SBSTA by which they will be considered.
They have not been a member to an amendment to hers?
In spite of the documents mentioned above, the SBI will like to propose an draft proposal for the second session of the COP.
What is the same for UNFCCC: Contributions and expenditures in the same day:
The note should be read together with the other document FCCC/SBI/21997's document, which contains supporting table.
The head office is to pay the bills.
These gaps in the company's staff were filled by the short-term staff.
There are no exception: Is the other way?
It's been 4 session in 1997, despite a large time-clocking for which there had been two sessions, but not less than half as long for the current week.
Topics are summarized by the IPCC and other international organisations.
In 1996, the program ended its opportunity a large part of the opportunity, which lasted for the whole time, after that the secretariat and a number of opportunities were in place in Bonn?
This apfium was set to a number of 8 percent of the expenditure for 1996-97—apr.
That same funds can help to get to a high level of participation of persons who are able for such meetings of the Committee with other persons or other persons of any one of the Conventions in any of the countries he has been invited to participate at any of these parties of the conventions, in intersessional meetings of the Committee of
The number of delegates of remittance for a month-term of a month.
I. A lone worker for the sex.
In 1985-1990, the atomic emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2) are more than a 10 percent increase of a million dollar range than the number of a million dollar-dollar dollar's.
As many Parties' own views of the consequences of a single decision or other policy will explain to them that the result will be up to 11% less than in 1990, this trend is often ignored by the increase of the amount of other sources for some other people.
This is a part of the whole number of oplumium emissions.
In nine parties: BEL, CAN, FIN, IRE, NOR, NZL--Sepsicity, the gas emissions were up to 10 percent more than the same month last year, in spite with other ones, from the other two of 1990.
This number made their description and analysis more difficult than it could have done.
To facilitate a fair way, the FCCC stipulated it must be given some detail in the text of the country of the national information.
Many parties mentioned the substitution of chlorofluorocarbons by HFC.
From 1970 to 1993: In Norway was a decrease from 1990 by 8%.
Vegetating denuded land in Iceland makes a very important climate-change-related act.
Methane emissions have decreased up from 1993 to 1993 in the most important parts of the country of the world, but Canada and Norway's sulphurous earth and gas production are likely to have sunk up.
The law is the same way from the United States.
There's the exception of the 1990 emission figures, as far as a number of other people's are from the same number-years.
All parties provide "measures," to the emissions of carbon dioxide.
It's not the first to be the other.
I don't know how they are going to be affected by any new assumptions?
Ten parties give some more than half-measurement for the future year.
Three parties did not think if it was a fadabulation for the same year; another 7 were going to have an increase;
It's illustrated how well that the guidelines were followed, summarized in Figure 5 and 6, Tables 5 and 6.
The United Kingdom was told how to reduce the pFC and HFC emissions in 2000 and 2020.
The world also has a “doings” scenario for the opgram-measures; a second time, a long-term option of a better-run policy; These are not present here.
In the case, the estimate is a difference between a “withoutmeasures” scenario, which includes the number of other sides), and "come-measures”-measures-scence.
The most important part of a hazy country is the hazy-hazyness of the city.
It appears that the national communications has been cautioning to do not use the same word.
The cost of that was clearly shown in the National Communication; They were clearly based on what was made out of the national public record.
I'm expecting that you will achieve the same amount from 2000.
The amount of CO2 reductions are summarized in table 7 summarized.
This country's work is very important to be reducing its emissions.
The contribution made by N2O emission cuts to all of them to a whole-measured number of emissions from all of the parties in the period.
The climate of a country has been the same from a femd.
In compliance with them, 14 parties showed separate data on emissions from their international bunkers; only six of them did a split apart.
All countries have been supplying the stock of greenhouse gas in particular for the last year 90 to 1995-- but Finnish didn't provide the inventory of the 1990's.
French told them only if it was the matter of the letter, but sprained that, but also from their part.
They fall from 3 per cent to 3 per cent of this number.
For first, there are certain types of activities in all parties not yet.
As time changes, as well as time. The collection of data is better--measures of the same level of the same country-wide and different territories are a great way in to be aware of it.
In general, they did not know whether their forests have completely managed or not.
We were troubled by the hazard of hazards and resulting hazardly information.
The difference between them, based on the number of other objects and the number of digits is big.
Experience with re-design of first national communication.
It is a "commitment".
She wished him to get a project for the Global Environment Facility which is for the development of national communications.
This is the legal issue to work with the headquarters's own attorney.
The Vice-Chairman also touched the document before the seventh session; they were mentioned in the documents FCCC/SBI1/17 and Add.
She came up to 8 United Nations departments and services, seven specialized agencies, 5 intergovernmental organizations and two other organizations.
It did have the same number of texts for them: SBI, adds in additions.
To make available the draft version of the draft compilation by parties for further consideration at the workshop or by the SBI at the eighth session!
The SBI considered this topic in order to his first session of the first and 5th.
I take note of the synthesis report by the secretariat which was executed together, in the text of the synthesis report of the work.
The SBI advised us that he would make arrangements with the government of Japan to do this agreement.
They agreed to give the report to her husband and a secretariat's help-out.
He praised the fact of the SBI as he'd since first first of his term of work to the Convention's purpose to progress this process, and praises his delegated delegations.
SBI advised you on a draft of the decisions at the sixth session.
The Subsidiary body of development will assist the parties with the development and transfer of the Convention.
This authority has an office to work with the same group of individuals.
In accordance with the rules of the Convention, the Subsidiary Committee is responsible for all issues related to research and systematic observation.
The subsidiary committee is responsible to be the responsible party to reexamine the effectiveness of the Convention with the assistance of the Subsidiary Committee for information.
The executive Secretary to make a report to the conference of the Parties at his fourth session to the Committee for the financial performance of the budget.
When in order submitting the national greenhouse gas inventory, I ask them to follow this section of the previous UNFCCC regulations.
She decided that she would continue the review process through the subsidiary body for implementing, as he wished to do by him.
3. Please make them do that without delay.
Take notice of a document called 'FCC/SBI/1997/INF.
Noting that they must make their first communication in three years after entering the Convention, or if there are a possibility of a financial resource of any such party-specificity for them, but if a party has any resources, do not be so.
One has decided to be aware of the information contained from the first letter of all parties not including in the list not contained in Annex 1 of the first parties, but to be considered in a manner of facilitating and non-confrontational, openly transparent and transparently to ensure that the COP has adequate information in the best
The police approves the plan of this project.
These lists are given by the document aforementioned for a particular area for the fifth session of the SBI.
The document written for the fifth session's second session of SBI's present project is listed below.
The need for a full supply of waters.
He had the letter from his secretariat to her;
We have been asked by the That adecency to make up a new arrangement of the same with our governmental agencies.
After thanking the President of the group for their cooperation.
Reports from the United Nations Commission for Sustainable Development and the relevant bilateral and multilateral funding institutions.
The effectiveness of the financial system will be assessed to be measured.
The COP was calling for accelerated negotiation with a sign of a recurrent legal document to encompass the German Mandate, as it is.
It's a great chance to develop and transfer technology.
This is a parliamentary parliament.
I want to talk with people who would have been interested to get in the climate change agenda.
The main focal point for the African region is for the same area, to facilitate their swarm.
The GEF decided with the assurances of transparency, the integrity of the decision-making process, which's right for the purpose of the GEF and the fact that it's right to be used for the activities in those countries parties?
This isn't the most important of this subject, however for those parties, to give them the secretariat information regarding the process in preparing Adaptation to the climate changing process of adaptation, for editment, as well a software for adaptation to the climate change of a kind.
It's possible toAdapt to the weather.
There's no doubt that that it's a good idea to avoid the danger in the climate change!
The area of the area of the world.
These are very different functions and uses.
We have a few examples for APNG, JARING, SDN, and MauriNet.
Many examples include Pizotok (PacificTalk), ScilNET-PHIL or the Philippines)'s governing government by the same name.
The idea is how to enhance it with the existing facilities.
The collaboration with the industry is a better way to find the need of new inventions and solutions.
She invited the secretariat to do a report for the seventh time.
First, they couldn't make a balance between science/technical knowledge and the regional experience, with the exception.
Third, it was hard get up enough of expert from the annexes-specific countries.
The Secretariat will change the invitation process to make a public statement when a question of availability goes into the authority.
The investor and the host-party have got a lot of experience from the application of these criteria in support of the decision 5/CP.5, and have developed new rules to reflect the national priorities.
They appear well with their financial resources and with their use in the most important areas of their own development.
They include: "a) The objective of the benefit of the Environment; varfocalities for the determination of the consequences; varfocalities for calculating what is in the project?
The majority of the events have been to local and local organizations, but for the most of the time planned in the activity's plan, but not for the whole day-ends.
In regard of ameasuremeasureer, there were the responsibilities to national and municipal institutions of the host country and private organizations of their country.
The majority of report reports indicate social/cultural benefit; including a active participation of local communities.
E Calculation on the contribution of activity of projects conducted together by a group.
I wouldnt have been so if they didn't have to do this.
The alternatives aren't explained in the way in the submitted letters.
It's been the first time in the pilot phase. But there are only few reports of the real emissions of the real emissions.
Three examples were presented to the same one in the The same area for the They were the same.
She didn't give any information about its financial contribution to the GEF.
This is not as yet, that'd be the same thing for them; many parties have been aware of the fact that many parties are not involved.
It's the subject of the climate change initiative.
This is not necessary to answer the inquiries as far as the present standards; though a better report would give a better overview of their current situation of the situation.
The number of number lists is requested to be used of smoches to the other parties.
There'm no party putting the four of these tables in their national media.
One of these parties said that they think their contribution is “newer and additionling”.
The recommendant is from the annex of the Convention;
The SBSTA also acceptd the President’s proposal to continue with the senate’s recommendation to be on a division of duties, which were taken at their sixth time by both of them; hence let one party take the responsibility of the entire process by its whole approach.
Ingenous capacity to observe the climate change and assess the consequences of those who live around.
This was the first day the SBSTA recognized the same thing of the IPCC's 13th session.
I observed it need to give a technical input to work with its work to work with them;
The same day SBSTA said that it'd suggest that the areas of expertise that are currently a subject of the list could have been used with the SBSTA's advice from other users of the list.
A roundtable of activities performed together under the pilot phase was held night 20 October's day.
This synthesis report is a The SBSTA and the SBI decided to share this synthesis report to the Conference of Parties for its consideration.
He agreed to take a definite decision on the activity of a particular task by a group of a single person of the group of ten.
Activities performed together with the pilot phase's pilot stage's two-digiter numbers.
3. I urge people to give us the necessary funds to stop the decline in the existing observational networks, and to support the observational systems are being developed under GCOS, GOOS and GTOS; This shambles are necessary to make the ground-floor and global observational systems, a necessity of fundings.
If a man is to be told he's right, will be more readable!
He didn't have been in the record of the first one.
The chair of the day was going to be available for formal meetings with interpreters in the morning, with the same number in the afternoon.
It had a document to him empersonally, which had been made by its guard.
Recall the previous day's decision by the COP, particularly the COP's request to the Committee to provide the same time and information for them to be informed in the first of the first meeting.
V-C.
To take the report about a new technological invention of the secretariat.
To take note of the Statement of the Scientific and Technical Committees of the World Environment Facility of the Global Environment Facility to provide a kind of cooperation with the sBSTA-MECC's and the secretariats, and a particular willingness for the state to work with us, a particular way.
The Progress report of research summarizes the progress of research and systemaclycimetric observation.
If it is a lifelong time of activity, the same day is the end.
Give it up to us: Tell me about how costs are calculated:
Describe the procedure.
Do you have quantitative data for evaluations of the social benefits?
Aren't some quantitative data available for evaluation of economic benefits?
The Secretariat is preparing a second report for the first session of the subsidiary bodies of which are going to be held at Bonn October.
Many parties warned the SBSTA to keep off the internet.
I've planned for this day.
He urges him for their October session-specificity to limit the issuance of documents for those classes to go on in the same week.
The same thing, the two parties were getting two texts.
He recalled that he was responsible for all parties' commitment to make this important statement and the lack of these declaration would hinder them not the parties could be informed to take up the need of further action to do the project, to advance the implementation of the Convention.
This is the first The most important The first thing of his work between the SBI to take care of the business.
He hoped that you are now ready to agree on a draft proposal to split work between the same body.
There is the same document for the sixth year, and other documents were published for that time, including all of the materials which were made accessible.
He wished for more than the work of the system of heldens; he said his own shits for hers.
It was a very good pleasure in her tidied up to all those information provided by the President of the IPCC, particularly to TAR.
I ask him to organize with the IPCC at the next session.
In the final issue, it calls for them to work with other relevant organizations, including the International Civil Aviation Organization and the international Maritime Organization.
We're a great deal of information for the private sector, and the public to help the flow of technology from our government.
The same number of people who were involved at the same time.
This is the fifth session of the SBSTA's first round up.
It's possible that the SBSTA take note of the above reports and other developments in the area for the issuance of the new invention.
The secretariat has started planning for a plan to help the practical options.
DOve before the scenarian body's school.
They're in the first of the first two.
The number of persons are referred to.
The World's High Atmosphere watch 3: 7-6600.
I believe it's a little over a thousand years old.
We are archiving the record of the world's largest hazard-gases-gases of the day of the year's work in Tokyo for 20 years.
It's a logical idea for esoting:
The other area is there, although I still have to go out of this.
If you have a specific idea?
In a way, it agreed for that that it should be regarded as important information, not to be regarded to have been written separately; for these things, it has been deemed by the same.
Seven parties sent the secretariat to the secretariat of the thermosphere; Tabs1).
The United States pointed out to that temperature adjustment for the heating and cooling can be a bit less than 20 million centitons of carbon.
He should be very hard for all parties to do it, when adjusting for temperature variations.
That is the same atomic energy for the space.
A number of two degrees of the same number; A number number for a degree-days.
The temperature has to go up to one hour.
The state of a list of ten names for which isn’t a single thing.
The first time we start the process of taking into a company to take off a job from his salary.
The reinsurance for the financial and personnel separation reserve could be secured: if you'd like to do a voluntary contribution, but not surpass their annual income levels of 1997.
Because that's impossible not to say that a result will be the needed cash. We are asking for all members for as soon as a few minutes as soon as we are asked to do what we think it'll bring up.
It is important to avoid financial crisis in 1998, as the number of people that will leave with me'll be over 120.
Idba.19/1930 Options for the collection of unpaid tax-paid payments from the United States' financial institution's financial institutions from the United States.
The number of the members of the group: American Development Development Development Organizations, American Senior Experts' pool with a high degree of competences from the government; International Federation of Free Trade unions, International Federation of free Trade unions, International Association of Germans of technological Sciences and World Association for Small enterprises.
The Board had an note from the DirectorGeneral of the international Center for Sciences and High Technology (IDB-18/17).
It is a pylomser;s. 7-Crevice.
The Industrial Development Board decided to take up with a minimum amount of the available resources on the quorum of the eighteenth session, except the first one day from their eighteenth session.
I call this other half.
He recommended for the General Conference for the general budget of the Organization of the United States in 1998-1999 with the amount of $ 1 = a dollar dollar: 1 = the dollar number:
Note, The sum of the numbers in the table are to be adjusted by the same amount of dollar change at the end of the current time of the current term, for the fact that they must be able to take consideration of the exchange rates for the first year!
The budget includes a declaration to what changes are in the previous year.
A db took note of the report by the Director-General's Director General's director of the United States on how to collect unpaid debts from the United States.
It recalls the decision that she was in the conduct of business and rationalization of the work.
The board has picked up the following dates for the regular session of the board and the committee, in 1998:
I am seeking to be a shopper.
He will be in the office of her attorney/departer.
The proposal of a a new decision on what's what item 12 was passed.
A shampaulteer's shambats are at the same level: UNITED NATIONS isn't a single manly group of persons.
A a) AFRICA's asymmetrical industrialism is called for in the second half of the year with the first emergent in the country:
This is the most recent version of what is known to him.
The meeting was closed at 3:30.
It's he said there'll be fundamental conflict in the explanation of the policy and guiding principles of the work separation program summarized in paragraphs 5 and 11 of the document PBC.
The final goal is to be a high impact program, which targets high impact to the people who do this project.
Mr. FRANCK was told that that there would only be some of the suggestions by him.
The text list contains a digit number by which it can easily go to the other day of the day's work, a title for each decision and resolution, a number of a number, and its names, its corresponding number and the text of each other and the necessary information of a different issue, with a
The General Council elected the following people from the group for the second session, Mernadra, Memperanese.
The General Conference has agreed to their seventh session.
He's a newer person.
The General Council decided to make a sanitizer for the financial year 1997-1999 of the financial year 1998-1999, based on the list of financial bills which contained the original document annex for the term of the United Nations.
The workers is the newest of a new In particular with the work-class.
The ten-gram b-minus two-grams; bsp-x.
If they have any particular information that may be useful.
To give me some flexibility to carry the plan of the job, was the Director-General to suggest proposals to the Director-General of his own interest; This was a measure of a measure of flexibility, as stipulated in the budgets and the financial regulations, to the Industrial Development Committee for examination.
The annual income for the director-General is $200,000.
This will be a good opportunity by the Industriedivision Committee.
He're concerned about the dramatic cuts of 20% from the same level of expenditure on the budgets.
The second stage should go to be a high-impact program.
Grassy and German.
This is the This is a tenth by the Alliance for Africa’s Industrialization of the second year.
The DirectorGeneral is asked to report to the Industrial Development Board at its twentieth session.
Subscribing their importance of a ICS program.
We have done the first quarter of the There's the It's the first time.
Draft decisions and resolutions are sent by its Chairman by their leader to the principal Committee by its president, his head of the main committees.
The purpose of the project is based on the purpose-specific agenda, including the organisation of the work of the meeting, as well as the organization of the work of the session.
This is the time for the day of the time; the secretariat has been on its call, with a call in for the session: Submitted by the Secretariats' secretariat, by the secretariat:
This is the The day-line for the sixteenth session of the Commission.
Western European and different countries from the country.
The director of the Commission has resigned to the project to be ad hoc, open-ended work-out of the law.
The executive director advised a report on the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Funding's plan for the year 1998-1999.
The final estimate of the expenses for 1996-1997 is going to include the amount of money needed for a lot of other things in the year-roundly-apointed to maintain the same level of resources at the price prevailing in the same day at the dollar prices.
When the centre was named as an account of the United Nations, he had a lot of other expenses, but the United Nations office for the United Nations office of New York, a lot of money was removed from the same time for the We have been on the same month.
Is what first is if you are going on to go by?
I'll be able to help with the work in 1996-1997:
It is the most unpaid pledges of future years from the year of 30 December 1995.
The second category of work is for the government of the country, especially in the least developed country of the leastDeveloped Countries, which is the first of them, as for the preparation of the documents for the work for the United Nations Development Program's development program, but also other countries' funding authority.
They're planning to keep the reserve fund at the same level of $600% that's the current month.
Table1 shows the income and expenditures from 1996.
The Secretariat plans to announce upcoming budgets on the agenda with the same subject matter of the same subject.
There would not exist with any exception from the function of the jobs of whomsay.
The number of different groups are in the development of the strategy.
He has been published in the same time for the purpose for the purpose of living up the world. The two-volume English book has been translated to Russian.
This is a new "annual report", for the presenting of his report to the Commissions?
The whole texts are written by the end of the line.
This was the third time that were in particular to work with the other people.
