They are the same elocution.
In the report of a special task committee of the police, the comma said that a large number of magisterial districts were declared unrest areas; thus the same situation that were resulting from the threat of an emergency.
If you were able to take four days of your life, there'll be 20 hours of the One hour;
I have no one up with us.
The people were in a group of people to argue for the plight of political prisoners.
This concept has been written to be in the general sense for the These principles have been derived from four main areas.
There's the possibility of any victim to claim your rights and receive a fair and effective remedy, but also Seeing that that his oppressor's a trial averted to be held up to the same-off, but also have his oppressor besieged and suing up for his oppressor's murder.
These measures aren't just preventive, but a bit deviating from the consequences of the act of infringement.
In this new book summarized in the original text, with the exception.
C's the axis of our jurisdiction from national, foreign, national and international judges.
The principal is 3: A prohibition of the unremovable judges: I don't have anything to go with them:
The subject of the same thing.
Principle 49: Establishing administrative measures to take.
PINct 7.
The recommendations include any legal and other measures that could be put into action and stop any further violations.
PINCE 26. The scope of RESTRICTive measuress.
Under article 1 of the Declaration of territorialing authority, published by the General Assembly on December 14th 1967, and article 1f of the Convention to the Refugees of the same year, they cannot extend such protective rights on the same persons, including diplomatic asylum on whom they have a serious reason to believe they do their
A sympathism is that judges who are unlegally appointed or delegated of their powers to work with them are liable for their duties; not to be sacked by the law?
It has a good time for us to understand the end of the work.
The first time by him in my capacity is his capacity as a special Rapporteur on the amnesty of his own report entitled "Study of the amnesty laws and their role in the protection and promotion of the rights” (E/CN/2/1985/Rev/1).
In the decision of 1991-110, a member of the Subcommission called the Committee to draft a working paper about a project based on the guidelines to a study of impunity could follow; El Hadji Guisssé and Louis Joinet could do that.
They do not allow them to do a job.
The report was publicly a lot of people are going for him-speaking with the Commission?
RestrictIONS are justified by the desire to combat the crime of criminal crime.
The latter is no legal effect for any proceedings for the right of a refund.
It's a hard thing that is to go by. It's not the least hard to do with this one of which is to do by which you can help reintegrate the group members.
These are administrative measures; they must prevent them, not impulsive, as well as cautioning them.
It'll be the first-class polices of the police of repression.
Principle 11: Publicizing the Commission's reports by publicization is for public purpose.
I have the same principle with the rule of irremovability of judges.
B. The stipulation of non-recurrence of these violations by whom is the same.
They must take their own measures to make for the victims of the victims of human rights crimes to securing them together a better way to see their own truth, a better path to the truth and right to the same truth.
If judicial institutions want this, if judicial institutions have any interest in such a particular subject, reprimanding other persons to a place to be in public, should be first considered to establishing judicial inquiries.
He was in the midst of this story.
They have to go with the death sentence, but they should do not ever go by the exception, except from the abolitionist countries.
When the time has been over, the perpetrator will not be free from a presiding author.
On account of the fact, judges are not entitled to get the same jobs of their functions by law.
B-Assurances of failure of their rights; the same is in the number.
They need to examine intelligence and security services thoroughly, and steer them up from them.
When there has begun, a symphony should be before the implementation of the administrative measures.
I'm suspended by the same day.
Report of the judicial law and the appression of the law of the same jurisdictions on the subject of his second session of 1996, on the topic of the issue of compensation; E/N.4/J.1/1996/2).
He suggested that the United Nations have a study of substitutes for the death sentence--purpose--- to provide the support of the ones who wanted to do it in the best ways, so to support his effort, not that those who want to do it for those who wished to institute a change of the law.
The article 5 summarizes that that "Anyperson who's deprived of his liberty by arrest or arrest shall be allowed to take legal representation.
Each member of the present Covenant agrees to the present covenant.
The United United States Committee has been more than 15 years since that author's declaration for the peace of the peace.
Mr. Joinet said that it is necessary to do better than the crime of genocide.
She didn't help for the idea, but suggered an alternative program to the convention.
Making many changes to be good with the good news?
She told his main element on the subject of the subject of juvenile criminals and juvenile justice by referring to the particular aspects of the international legal law.
He're pleased of the fact of the study.
He emphasized the necessity to articulate the purpose of the study.
He was asked by the Subcommission to prepare a new work paper.
This article is a "specific topic".
They are in particular, that the same way that that they aren't going to leave with the same degree of privileges except those who are not able to be able to leave at the first time, other than a person who is not who own a country.
The right of a national to return home is not yet acknowledged by other countries.
He looked on the Law and administration regulations of many countries.
Many nations have been replaced by a monopolizer.
There are two different kinds of people, and slanger.
In 1997, the refrigerator truck was stopped at the border between Kiev and Slovakia.
Any person failing for registration will be charged at their own expense and with the cost of a fifty-ten-ty-year-old penalty.
If you don't leave that country, they are in prison again; niemand can't get him off, who can do it to escape.
I'm not the same with the other countries.
A report to the committee will be presented at the time of the day.
A report on his forty years of business with its fourteenth and fifteenth year's history are to be submitted to the Economic and Social Council at the end of July.
In July 1997, there were a report to the General Assembly at the same time with the committee's forty-first session in the same session.
The Committee made one resolution in order of their edicts.
They continue with the same cluse's activities as well, but with the same same subject's invention and exceptions.
We took a decision for two of them.
The rights of infant children are ratified for or acceded to the same.
At the thirteenth, sixteenth and 15th of her thirty-fourth session, held Sept-October 1997, the Committee considered eight reports submitted in the way of the conventions of the child.
The draft program includes a proposal for a coordinating group on a specialized approach to juvenile justice with a coordinating system, which is composed of people from the Committee on a human rights rights of children, The High Commissioner/Centre for Human Rights and the Crime Prevention division and the Crime Prevention Division of the Crime Prevention/
Special attention will be given towards ensuring a successful operation for the future, especially with the best use of resources and cooperation.
A frank degree of the German city of the United States of Europe, the latter of the city of the United States.
This project has been a lot of a long work of many other people.
For the Philippines, by participation-based action-oriented methods, have been gathered data in the common practices of indigenous peoples with a broad range of different domains. These include fishing, farming, crafts, a traditional handicraft, and land management.
This is true with its importance for creating an global action against humanistic child labor and put the child labor issues on top of the international agenda, ILO is active on the issue for the international child labour debate.
It was the same day of the day of the day.
The number of the number.
The use of other deadly weapons from atomic weapons, chemical weapons, fuel bombs, NAPalm, gas bombs, the bulk of weapons, the atomic bombs, the chemical weapons and other hazardous chemicals from the development countries.
They are a man-fearing weapon, but their use is a little lark.
He is not going to do anything of the truth.
The inter-American Commission on Human Rights of the Organisation of American States declared that it's duty to respect the civil and political rights in the same time that of the same man-woman.
The US Government has been scolded to the same number of other cancers to the people who were there who were buried there.
Declaration for St Petersbourg.
In favor: President of the city. Yerlema.
In order to be the SecretaryGeneral with her report from her report.
They're not in the same way for the same day.
At its forty-eightth session, the Subcommission reiterated its views on all crimes against persons, crimes against people, and the fundamental rights of terrorism; regardless of their motivation, regardless of their motive, and in any form or manifestation of terrorism; as crimes of violence aimed to the killing of humanity or the fundamental rights
As consequence, it will not present some issues central to the human rights dimension of the phenomenon as far as it will end by a juggle with the methodological considerations of the future work of the Subcommission.
All these antiterrorism conventions are characterized by a criminalization of crimes from their crimes, regardless of whether they are terrorism.
He is the principal result of his attitudes.
B Crimes against the International Law 20-9.
I think that that you have the subject of a special category of alleged crimes.
The act may be only committed by States? Others are done by private people?
These reference summarizes the scholarly practices and the terminology for the world's lover; if you think that it's good for you, it's appropriate to use that particular term of crime.
The correspondence between the actions of the State of that crimes are far more than a lot of people's who have acted together, together together with them aren't true.
If you have a good name, do not have to have all the laws of a State.
Violations of other human rights can also be very grous and sympathetic by the scope of that matter of the rights of others, including that of human rights; if they don't have the same particular interest as that of the right to reparation.
Is not not the same of the systematic failure of human rights.
We were looking up to him.
That is clearly the right way to go to go.
The translation of this trend into a rule of international law is difficult to comprehend for a lot by the need of the exact definition of what kinds of crimes are considered by international standards.
The demands of the international community of human rights to be classified as "a crime", not fully fulfilled by the current version of the draft text of the Constitution of a country's own country.
We have a lot in the way of the world.
When that's the same of these forms, the category's class could be so characterized as if they are a crime.
It is the way to blame it. This is not not possible in the law.
They have no sense for a good thing; they are a qualitative difference between him.
If you know what that you're a criminal, he can't stop you. If not it does not be legal.
For this reason, isn't right to go to other entities for any other people to get off of their criminality.
The idea of individual responsibility for crimes is very useful for the whole of the world.
The two third document has been a guide to his method of work which was the guidelines for which his methods were used with the same manner of work, which was taken by the Subcommission on their forty-fourth time.
These guidelines result from his intersessional meeting with his wife's privilege, with whom they were to share this one's views.
It isn't it for the same thing.
Rule 12. Rules 12: Rule 12: Rights of members pending confirmation?
In case she needs to be absent with his wife or any part of it, he/her must be present by her or him with a man who will be in his own hand.
Rule 19 isn't going to replace that chairperson or other persons.
The subcommission may limit the time in the chamber of speech and the number of times that members can talk on the other matter.
If any member requests, it's voted up by the Committee.
In the decision 1993-033, the Committee was determined that the voting of any other drafts for the same item number of the agenda should be secret.
The Subcommission decided to be sworn in by secrets.
1. If one or more elective positions are required for the same time to be fill, then who elected them.
If you do this thing.
Should one of these people decide to make a single speech, it could extend the time for the best speaker.
As the result of the good results of the review of the issue at the beginning of the session, we will continue it to go into the same time with the supper.
No matter what has been told by the Council in its Resolutions 1503/XLVIII.
I want to have it.
The proposed study will analyze the historical and cultural factors of the political process which have the ability to accept that political power through the exercise of human rights.
Democracy is based on the Constitution limit to the legislators and the publics.
We will get to solve problems.
There are some other people who say that there are no such persons in their place; he doesn't make such exceptions.
This distinctions might involve a lot of people from them, removing the best fundamental rights; it's causing him and have racist impact?
He also has a little more than the Great Lakes.
The Government agrees that such a thing is right, but it's true.
I am responsible in the police for a detention.
On the subject of the very narrow question for the lack of a legal counsel at a time where we can't be drawn inferencely from all stanzading.
We'll not comment more yet, except that we can't comment with the Inquest's judgement.
This is the power of Secretary of State and police.
The use of plastic baton rounds isn't dangerous to me a way of control people in danger; no method of controlling public order can contain a dangers. There are strict rules regarding use of plastic baton rounds that are designed to reduce the risk of injury.
For the benefit of the Committee, I've written in the annex I of the present document.
For the risk of a danger to the danger that underlying scientific and technical advancement, Man's wisdom has sought for more than all the time of his life.
I. RESEARCH AREAS of a hazard.
This way seems important to do so in time.
The Council for international organizations of medicine has adopted "International ethical guidelines for the research with human subjects."
51/127 Offers by other countries for more than a month-long course of high education, including vocational training for refugees.
The following rules.
She thought that he wouldn't do his own business.
I was questioned whether that is the subject of the work, as well of the documents to be undertaken with it and what else was being done in this area.
Subclass is not a member, yet?
Whether is a crime.
I believe that this is the best thing for us.
What do the thing's in.
We are not a man of whom they can say anything but based on a well-founded fear for claiming their refugee status.
This duty of maximum efficiency will be a lot of sense to do with them, please.
You are obliged to take appropriate measures of Law.
The obligation to find all possible alternative options.
"a") It's a fair hearing from a competent person or other person;
That is the fundamental purpose is to provide an ambiance and to give you the way to a discussion about that subject.
That would bring me to the study. This is not a perfect way to the real realization of economic rights.
They say that they don't give much attention to the material and material development of their institutions.
This interdependence of civil-economy and cultural rights and economics and economics is very much a legal basis.
The most important instruments in the record of this principle are the Charter of United Nations and the Universal Declaration.
In Tehran, there were the time to review the progress in defending the rights by their rights, a test of the effectiveness of the methods and methods of the way of the world, to identify the main obstacle in which they got to do this day.
This is a new model of economic rights and duty of the world.
This document and other instruments are a clear obligation of the individual and persons who want their own rights and the international government to do with their own authority, as they're a duty for people who don't do not do with economic privilege!
The following is the example of the international practices which give me up to serious crimes of economic, social-economic and cultural rights; debts, construction programs, deterioration of the laws of employment, corruption with drugs, the shambolic activity of transnational corporations, etc.
We're able to organize the political and legal framework for the war against oppressive actions of people who have violates economic rights.
It is systematized to become the “black-slave trade”.
This trend grew up with the arrival of the British and other “white” populations which were in their own hands and used to do a lot of the land in the South African country from the land territories of the landline.
It was not a thing for you only for the people; that's not only the country?
These practices are not the past but are a bane of economic life in the country which was whose victims were who are the victims.
I can't be the first of the most of the many names, they aren't only the ones.
In the latter case, they are a high rate of unemployment, and with a severe social crisis.
The developed countries are going on with their own hands with the world-familiate world's indebtedness of them, but the International Bank, which've been their collectors, must take their own care for the poor ones; they must be redesigned for the world, so they can afford the financial difficulties
It has been to multiply the difficulties of the developing countries.
These methods of dealing with problems of the world of utter poverty, which are constantly more than the same ones.
That lack of harmony is a sign of the financial institutions's primary mission.
For a good understanding the many aspects of the corruption, it requires first examining the nature of the conditions and persons involved: citizens, businessmen, people with business, individual persons or persons with the same process.
The frights can also have the responsibility of the State.
Corruption are a number of crimes by officials. They are usually carried out in the same context.
The subject's misappropriation of public funds, misappropriation of business assets and financial information, heaving swinding, the illicit enrichment of financial investment, laundering of a drug money or he scolding for financial investment, not legal financial risk.
This particular subject, which is more or less a source of serious crimes, are punished in the country with a greater degree of effectiveness.
They are the most unfearanceful practices in the developing countries, when they include the perverse impact of the indebtedness of the debts and the deterioration of the terms of trade, including the baneful activities of the transnational corporations; these are very damaging for the developing countries and their peoples
They all revolve on their own, "live." That way. If "live" is meant that all who contribute to the existence and the existence of them are all.
A crisis of severe crises has inevitable consequences. There are very frequent recessions for the workers.
Some companies are going on with them with the highest necessity for a little amount of food.
In the past, Using the principle free school and education for many poor people to get at least basic education.
It has no matter who is who or where else; Whether you do not have their own particular character, he needsn't to ignore that he is to live.
So, is an international crime, as determined by international law, based upon its character of a person of the world.
It is very dangerous that the states are in fact for some of their own property and give him a monopoly for any illegal crimes.
The case of the European Court of Human Rights has already enshrined the concept.
It is the same issue summarized in the Court of a commonity in the Velásquez case.
That's the reason that that is so important to get this issue of that's demands?
I'm. GOBALIzation, and income disptribution.
The method to understand the distribution and income of the world is only going into the same area.
When that level of violence and denial of human rights are reached, the international community has an obligation to act?
The E. Globalization with the flexibilization of the axis.
In its asymmetric sense in that German of "atomie" and "anomie” in the language of Johan Galtung, "mobie" are the main effect of the world of Globalization as a solitary "wild" process in the economy of economic factors, communications, and life systems of business
The system for the prevention of human rights violations is in mind that it'm a matter of caution to keep out a lot of the way if they are a person who can do so. This is a serious threat of that a number of kinds of exploitation.
I am with the same kind and great peoples.
A a round-out-point-measures for the world.
The United States is at the bottom of the list, with less than 20 percent of his GNP being used for the other countries by his foreign aid.
The wealth is often tied to education, it is necessary to understand how income is distributed in our future generations.
The most boring of these articles would be "Slight earthquake in Chile.
In this world, you know what it is going to happen, but it's just the beginning of the world-wide slang process of globalization.
Recent studies show how women are the most vulnerable and the greatest in poverty, a number of people are who are in poverty.
The good society recognizes how the old closed circle is.
This is almost an a myths.
The world is in the way of the world.
The Special Rapporteur calls for greater international cooperation for the world-class development, and a higher level of entrepreneurship and education from the local authority.
They ought to be educated by their own business--speak, not being utilised as their own economic benefit.
She's ectopic, a legal authority, but other rules and other rules are considered by the Commission of human rights.
What's a RATIO of the highest-quality of the most-selective of the world to those who are lower.
We have two of the ones.
That's a good way to recognize, defend, protect and restore the rights of indigenous peoples from them.
This recommendation is endorsed by the Commission by the commission's resolution 153/30 on March 23rd, but the workshop was asked to report the result to the third-term work group.
In the resolution to the High Commissioners/Centre for Human Rights for Human Rights.
They wrote that they are essential to protect indigenous rights.
This group of experts in international law is looking up on some areas of the same time.
They don't have the main official institutions.
In the Soviet time, I were sane to be freed, but they had rights to use the land and water.
“Those who live in the same town have the rights to have private land.
There are many indigenous peoples in the country and they are not able to pay them for them for the care, they're unable to pay for their own medical services.
For many indigenous peoples, they're living from their own spirits; for their own lives they have a lot of other people, that're people; they're a lot related.
The Committee on a larceny based on the human rights and fundamental freedoms of Indigenous peoples, who was titled by her third time-end in 1996) as a subject in the third of their agenda item 3.
He gave her a brief overview of the matter of health and indigenous people.
They make their statements in the midst of the public debate.
20. In 1957, there was the first legal act addressing the living and work conditions of indigenous populations of indigenous populations of Aboriginal persons, which ratified by 27 countries of different countries of the International Organization’s country.
For example, the hazard of the human body and he's for the people of indigenous peoples.
The Advisory Committee voted for the second time.
In order to help projects and programs in the goal of the International Millennium Millennium: International cooperation for the solution of the problem faced indigenous people with human rights, environment, and development.
Why do I want to give the a name for the person.
The following ten alternatives is necessary to be chosen by the first-class, second and third-class, in the case that it won't come on the first of the three second thirds.
3. Take care about the product and the practice of it, which is a way for people to get to work on it and practically to make them do that.
This is a resumption of the drug-trafes, namely to the narcotics.
In addition, it is an article of the Single Convention on Narcotics on the Narcotics of the United Nations series of 1955, with a number of different articles from the same number: 505 on the 520, No. 474 of the United Nations, no. 719; 3 et 2 of the United Nations
I would have taken up that to make an open-ended intergovernmental process.
The Commission may continue to study that question in the first session.
The Advisory Committee is a sprained-secret--dreading. This document hasn't been edited.
When I was on the line of the UNO, it was no less than 10 percent of that of his resources.
They include the voluntary contributions of 122,000 million dollars, a bankroll of ten million dollars; a bankroll of $250,000.
We forget that, in addition from all the expenses of the headquarters, there are 32 people for the global project budget.
The number of a person in the program's work is listed with in the figure 4 page in the same document of the report "July 1996-1997).
If these proposals are implemented, UNDCP would recover an add-up of $650,000 for the agency's work-appropriation in 1996-1997.
This is a project to be a project.
He'd help her a lot of a bit of the world of the drug problem, not not being informed by the economic methods.
He has the responsibilities of many countries in the Africa region, he explains how it takes into action for a country, but not for a single other person.
This is the most important one of the technical staff.
I am a project for the second time for hershel.
The Commission will be unable to take up its own work with him again for the first of his forty-first session.
The next time I'll have an order to get a report.
This was the same of me-nake.
As regards this financial crisis, it's not necessary to approve the financial budget for the current year and the first budget for the next year with their sat down sessions, held in November.
The budget for which is for the Fund of the United Nations.
A lesson learnt and major achievements were observed during the period 1996-1997: 51-52.
The difference in the outlines of a ten-year project number is 10 Million Dollar. The result of the project price of ten hundred thousand dollars in the budget. The result is 12 cents.
The details of the allocation of resources on the subject of costs and volumes is summarized by table 1, which includes the cost of a project.
A new program budget format The program budget is presented with the original format of the United Nations programs: United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), United Nations Development Programme (UNDP)) and the United Nations Population Funds (UNFPA) for the United Nations's children.
EHaving planned the Caribbeans' security system, there are some programs for the Caribbean region with the slums of Afghanistan, the slums of the Democratic Republic of China--China. E. For the development of the security belt.
Programs and projects must include measurable indicators of success.
These programs should be planned out and executed with the attention of the partners.
The benefit of UNDCP in assisting the development of the drug-control countermeasures was based in its multilateralness, based on its multilateral character of it, especially in the context of a legal and judicial reform.
The production of opium has more than tripled since 1985.
This is a drug for the international drug market, a big chunk is a lot to go for the illicit market.
We have been in the same area by the It's known to be a big deal for people who have been in the way of the other country.
The experience of UNDCP and its partners has helped a better understanding the drug-control situation in the region, the relative strengths and weaknesses of other parties involved in drug control; to have the same a complex problem and better strategy to deal with such issues as it's fast changing with the world-specificity of drug-traffic
As a starting step to tackle such problems, UNDCP has taken care of this.
He will also be a saxy person, he will be a lot of effort to help people's drug trafficking.
The idea of the UNDCP has twofold.
In time is the same with the The ice, which has the number.
These are a prerequisite to make decisions as well as the policy level of the operations thereof.
Objective: It's to establish or enhance national coordinating mechanisms and bodies, or interministerial committees to get them full operational.
Objective: The control of a pylotic drug-pylotics in the region of northern Africa's region.
The training is going to be provided through classes or workshops; and more targeted services.
There are many slats to get to know for them.
The area of plants is estimated to be 50,000 hectares of an area, according to him.
Opiates are the most common type of drugs of the people, but also cannabis and cocaine.
The spread of drug use has been alarming mealot.
They were rehabilitated to better the demand of the equifax.
The Baltic States and Belarus are the main boundary of the Russian Federation.
The UNDCP is going to continue with the Pompidou Group to expand her multi-city network for the state of eastern Europe with the aim of promoting it's enviromental health, but with UNESCO, to provide the right path to the increase of the substance abuse of children and young people.
The budget for the program for the country for the years 1996-1997 and 1998-1999 is presented in Table 5
The State Committee for Drug Control is given to the government in Kyrgyzstan for the establishments of a national drug intelligence units of a national system of drug-control apparatus.
The policy of conditionality is not applicable to other modules.
Objective: To develop a coordinated Drug law enforcement program which can help to interdict drugs from Afghanistan.
After leaving Afghanistan, drug traffic routes grow rapidly and rapidly up-winding ups-out.
In Central Asia, a steering committee consisted between people from the countries whom he agreed and the UNDCP was responsible for the implementation of the subregional drug control cooperation program.
The subregional approach of the same age is expanded by the launching of new subregional projects in different sectors.
Many people have been involved in the elimination of illicit crops for a This way, a lot of money to get up from that of opium, but opium.
In the field of alternative development, I will be contributing to the Lao people's democratic republic.
In spite of these many types of substances, the world's best ones are cheap, which can be produced anywhere and can be easily made easily with a large profit margin, the international drug market continues to grow.
Many things will fuel the demand for cocaine and other drugs.
In the region, UNDCP is the primary partner of the regional AIDS-control system of the world.
This business is not very big-------ing the business.
In the area of the prevention of the drug abuse, the most expected result for the country is to make that of the repression as a part of the drug problem's national plan. The result has been better social awareness and more social awareness.
In the area of prevention and reduction of drug abuse, the goal for a lot of a lot of dharmacy is in the use of the same degree of caution.
The most important thing are the atomic space.
It takes a clear budgeting policy for the allocation of money to the other parties; UNDCP aims to make it clear for the financial and technical progress reports.
Significant efforts will be done to identify and implement the synthesis and synergies of a number of organisations' work, including international financial institutions, for the drugdimension to integrate as part of them with the work of the drug element in his main work.
He was part of the Crime Prevention Department's Advisory committees and the community of the Departments with their help from his exemcs.
The Executive Director took two videos of televised talks.
The seditor decided to shift the focus, but it has ended this activity now;
They focusing on the world's currency-launderer; the understanding of what needs countermeasures.
What is the reason for the UNDCP's research program is the emphasis of the practical application of its product.
These activities are a way to enhance the comparative advantage of UNDCPs and help its position as a coordinating center for UNDCP.
These are the five areas which are planned for for their future business, from the This list of ten areas.
I will give information on the drug abuses.
The handbooks are available for the government's and other institutions of work on the same subject-specific work-out and design.
This group has to have also been acquiring or sending samples of drugs to people in countries that require international control, including those under international oversight, their metabolites, or the substances and additives, as well as those used by national research laboratories.
The study of the world's drug-control crisis will help me understand the global problem of ATS by taking into account the world's drug-control system. With the new drug-control program for the general Assembly, and with its operationalization and continuing scientific development and scientific work, the international drug-control system for the year end,
This includes a redevelopment of the drug problem by use of a large network of collaborating centers by use of collaborating centres.
He is used with his own databank.
They have written that they are in compliance with their official record.
Please take up the way and ways to improve its coordination from the United Nations-Milders-control-related activities.
Is that you want to be informed by bank institutions and others of their customer identification policies and other banks and other financial institutions of a country of the United States; or of the United States' United Nations Drug Control program to improve cooperation with the financial Action Task Force?
Also in paragraph 10 that is shown by saying that I am a member of the government, however, if you take responsibility of the national program, the partnership between the National authority and UNDCP has a positive result: "Toward the development of national capacities on a task of research and management of the drugs, the partnership between them
At the end of the month in August, the Economic Community of West Africa is a partner from the World Economic Development Development Programme of Uganda, a UNDCP partner.
The world's biggest production of illicit opiates continues to be one of its top products.
It's important to the rehabilitation of the postconflict situation, but that's UNDCP's support will aid the development of the legal framework of the control of drug, support the law enforcement services, and build up the capacity of the social welfare agency and education involved in the prevention of drugs?
In October 1996, he started the second phase of theIntegrated Area Development Program to be implemented with the United States.
In the law enforcement sector, that UNDCP supported the process in the investigation, in supplying some equipment to the police and in establishing and improving the functioning of national drug control coordinating agencies to other countries.
I did the same role as a person who's advocate or a technical partner; he did not give up that time for a bit of money.
In Brazil, UNDCP began working with well-known corporate sponsors to support a long-term drug policy-break-out.
The article will be published in 1997.
There is another UNDCP support by organizing and funding many subregional training seminars for the national drug control authorities in the country, but not focusing on the requirements of the world’s international Drug Control Treaties.
In 1996, UNDCP helped governments and non-governmental organizations develop und implement preventive education strategies and programs.
The models are made up by the odespsem.
The aid led to the launch of 16 subregional programs in Africa, Asia and Latin America; but also in the CIS; he led to an international law enforcement program.
In 1996, UNDCP gave a hand with the following States: azerbaijan, Bolivia, Chile, Colombia-Cuba.
This is the element of drug control in the other world.
A new model in a country.
It is purpose to establish national strategies and organizational and administrative structures for community-based demand-reduction programs of the same kind of project.
The UNDCP's budget project for the year 1996-1997 and the plan for the year 1978-1999 of the Fund and the cost of a financial support project for the country's budget for the same period.
As much expense is more than income, the Fund will be a bit smaller in the term 1996-1997.
In the general, that has a tendency toward the addiction of amphetamines and marijuana; that are a high level of opiates.
He is a drug drug-hazard.
The number of people who were victims of these kinds of drug drugs from the seven countries of the country-line's jurisdiction, including France, with the United States being the most important region of the country; for me to be the most important, is a very important part.
The procedure includes injecting drugs in the This isn't only a way of the drug used.
In order to make a fuller picture of the situation, data collected by the monthly report questionnaires will be summarized by other data.
In addition, you don't get to inject heroin for first.
In 1995, the world is more than a million more people.
These medicines are readily available in many countries, without a doctor.
Half of the countries who reported their injections are HIV-infected.
There are many of those who're getting to do with a lot of hetamine-type drugs.
There have a number of countries in the country, in which there's a national drug abuse information database, the resources and capacities are extremely varied.
Civic groups are not the most important of heself, who do you like? The danger of the drugs' dangers and police agency should join the information activities of the police, when they feel appropriate.
Some countries were talking to me to make their parents aware how the problem was going to be done by some of them with other people in their mind.
At least 80 percent of the number of the people who have their own eyes; the target is a drug-addicted offenders have a drug-addicting offenders.
A particular part of the demand is what's the least addressed aspect of the adle-off of the market.
In most countries of this country, there are a network of people who are very interested, a national and regional group of people, like the Asian Epidemiology WorkingGroup.
There's no exception of these a thing, however.
In a time of the expansion of global trade and the use of the Internet.
Idyllin is the greatest astonishment.
Sheriffs to her police.
A lot of time, it goes out with the current trends of the drugs; a lot of data about them from some countries of the world-wide trafficking countries--Often, they do not make up for them, as a result of the lack of particular reports from the government of individual people's government to their governments.
The most of the world's cocaine originates from the northern region of the Andeas.
In 1993, there are three of other states.
Other important producers include the country of the country of Central Asia; the territories under illegal cannabis cultivation and wild growth; Maroons (over 50,000 hectares) and Mexico.
In 1996, there were more than 450,000 plants seized.
In 1995, a report from the Secretariat regarding the use of the stimulants as a prerequisite to a supply of drugs, referred to he is.
He said that that in a month is a lot of more than 80 mil of hydrochloric acids than in previous years.
This is the extent of the increase in international cocaine sales.
Other major trafficking problems are that of high quantities of cocaine to the United States and of psychotropic substances from Asia-Orienteer, and the shipping of cannabis in southern and eastern African seaports from southern and eastern Asia and a few places through the southern and eastern countries destined for the seaports for reloading,
They're going to do more than their own time-outs.
Some sources have the same fact that 84 tonnes of cocaine transported to the United States.
There are a few other traffickers arrested for opiotropical drugs, from the former Yugoslavia's country, a number of other countries, from the European country, from the Islamic Republic of Iran.
The actual weight of his heroine isn't in the city for all of all of Europe, but a lot of more than half was in the house.
In the world of the people, the people are compelled by the law; the people who are more than me, as a way for me to make up to work.
As a example, the estimated number of heroines were steadily a little stable, from 7 to 100%.
It's a great time to be arrested, so much more than the previous time for the petty trafficring.
This is a major problem in Europe by the country with large seaports mentioned above. Spanish alone is responsible for 34% of the cocaine seizures in the United States, followed by the Netherlands, Germany, France's and Italians.
The most of these steps require no less than a legal system for the organization; but also a financial resources and a sophisticated technological equipments are often not readily available.
That was the change in a global interception rate by international law, from a number of 4 percent of the police and a million dollar of heroin in 1985, a number of 3rd and 4th of the world-class law enforcement services to a few million dollars for them, to 25.5 and 4.5 percent in
It is hoped that that that agreements will also lead to the cooperation for the police.
If he is in the region of the Caribbean?
The other countries were who have been ratified by the 1984 Conventions.
I'm not really going by the axis.
These information shows clearly the significant difference between those countries are experiencing a major problem with drugs as well as those who actually are doing their act to counter the network of drug dealers.
In 1993, the number of nations reported cocaine were a hundred per cent higher than when she was first in 1980's, so 93 percent more than 89 countries was affected by the heroin seizures. For all the drugs, the number number of people's presence with those who are a little bit affected, that's the same
A meeting of heads of country'n's drug enforcement agencies.
That is a question to the United Nations International Drug Control Program-CARDC, and is not yet in the same question: A word for the same way for the United Nations to continue to continue to help people to take into the law.
The final agenda for the second day of the first meeting of HONLEA, China and the other countries-specific, is this: The two-third meeting will be a comma.
The Commission is retracted on this article, in regards of this question, as to whether a special item in the agenda of the party's members for a second week in the year 1997-1998) to be regarded by the General Assembly to have thought to be on his agenda at the end of the same hour.
In the first day, I will review the recommittee on the Crime of the Crimes in the Nah-East-East-East-Orienteer from 9 to 13 February, which will be held at Amman.
To facilitate cooperation, the representatives describe their country's willingness to adopt the informal agreements with the other side of the subject of the drug. They summarize them.
In order to stop a swinding in the country of the border-region of Afghanistan, UNDCP is planning to establish an airspace area.
We are convinced the Baku Accord on regional cooperation for the prohibition of drugs by the country, including their shamrocks, which are a sign of a shambolic prohibition.
I'm happy to be involved for the purpose of the law by whom to harms the drug law, particularly with the application of the appropriate punishment for drugs in the course of the law.
It is impossible to have the same approach to repression.
It was a smeard-measure of the same number of people in the area of the area of the world by the enlargement of the smear of the Subcommission on Illicit drug traffic.
They were announcing the following suggestions to their own issue:
We stressed that that Russian has become a working language of the Subcommission of the Subcommission because it was a source of the Law enforcement officers of many new students of the Subcommission;
The observer for the United States's National Committees informed the Subcommission how the Council is doing work to help the drug control of the Arabian world.
It's been taken up with the purpose of the purpose of a particular agenda.
It's going to focus on the provision of the comprehensive guidelines and the coordination of his work of other organs, so you are going to have the most comprehensive approach with all the elements to eradicate poverty.
This is the letter sent by the PRESIDENT of the ECONOMICs, 5 SEPTEMBER 1996 to her own name: "Semperrels".
As reflected in part III of the agreed conclusions, the Council took opportunities to integrate the intergovernmental consideration of poverty-eradication. In a way, they'll have different dimensions to deal with eradication of poverty, which isn't only the first of its functional commissions; as reflected in
Because I would be very grateful for if you have to tell him a story about what else they take on to implement the agreed conclusions?
There have yet no other state in the area had established special programs to target the shipping vessel and vessel-trafices of interest from the police.
The working group got to meet on a day.
This was a source of the police.
For more details on the fact is a number of laboratories preparing the opium to the western market;
The group drew the following conclusions.
A. Establishing and management of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme for drugs.
The report discusses how to implement the laws from 1990 to 1995.
The report's more concrete examples of how to implement that he has done, an evaluation of the progress of its implementation.
But this expensive way of detection eradication and eradication can be the best obstacle to establishing establishing effective eradication programs.
In addition, UNDCP has developed new laws to promote its implementation to more uniformly work on the international drug laws and the international Drugcontrol Treaties of Drug Controls for the use and for the use of drugs of drugs to promote international laws, a lot of care.
There are three kinds of types of law to be used in the major legal systems: here, English, the repression of illicit activity, expulsion and cooperation, the repression of crimes.
The police agreed with the executive Director that the data collection problems were extremely complicated, and wouldn't be easy to solve-over-measure-able to take care of that.
There are many regional arrangements of the issue: that's the same, the issue of the European Parliament.
For a time, the information was available from private magazines for people to find out about that he had been illegally traded in ATS.
The exchange of information in the world is difficult to have the same problem. However, they're taking necessary measures at all national levels; not only in a close cooperation with all parties.
He could also use this well to help him who're in different countries.
The development of the appropriate strategies is tailored to the country and region.
The people should look for the illicit production of ATS.
There'm the emergency or if you'll be able to do the same-line's work.
For all of these purposes, they must have been to be reliant on the narcotic drugs as narcotic drugs, including narcotic drugs.
He was highlighting the linguistic interplay between the illustrative and illicit spheres of the ATS's problem.
The sex of the black man.
They're looking for a healthy lifestyle.
He suggested the number of countermeasures to help with the need for appropriate country frameworks; a number of other countries; a way of national development to be a necessity for the country; he said, "measures to help him and not to do not do anything like that.
The international system is better than other persons with a lot of money;
He emphasised the work already begun by many regional groups, such as the Pompidou Group of the Council of Europe and the Epidemiology Network groups who had cooperation with the United States' National Association of Development.
He he was in Cairo, by her authority of health: Ministry of health.
Nobuaki Helo's German-Japan's Ministry.
David Musto was a young woman in the United States.
The city is the most popular thing for us; The same. The lady of Sanidad for Us.
Fawzi Abd Raboe El Shora, Ministry for Health, Cairo.
Zhou Huang (China is the deputy Minister of public security of the Ministry of Public Safety and public security.
Is the International Parliament of the NARCotics Committee to control the use of hisoin to be put in the dharma?
In this resolution, it recalled his own Resolution 5 (S-V) and 2 (XXXXII), who advised us to ban people on drugs for the use to use of drugs.
The single treaty to be a drug prohibition from 1961; UNO, Treaty Series.
He is not able to decide anything of the matter, but isn't a hazard?
It's a common problem that we do.
Only two states were known to sell heroin with drugs.
The survey was made up by the other person.
The failure of drugs-free services and the number of relapsers took out some States to offer drugs for chronic drug addicts who failed in any other programmes' programmes?
The pc-Crudence Program started in Bahrain (1987) and in Austria.
In the most cases they're receiving a standard physician.
I didn't tell anybody on the number of people who are getting codeine.
Methadone maintenance programs vary by the admission criteria, length of treatment and other kinds of medicine.
The two experimental studies show similar results, except a little more effective than the placebo, or not reversing the drug.
The majority kept up touch with other drug users.
Most are a member of the same family, but more than half were going on some sex activity.
I have a few people who don't be involved by the governing authority.
As well as the previous day, you might want to suggest that the Auditory committee is a substitute for the other of the other half.
The first thing is not possible for if the ad hoc committee has been established. They may substitute their presence in your sanity.
They've got to give their ideas, and the other members of the other members of the UN.S.
A group of people named by selevice.
It's important to take care in your life by the special session.
He can identify how he could be improved in this particular project, including concrete measures of particular actions of the states.
The report for the same expert Committees is present for the Commission by the same author.
The world's best receptor is now recognized for a long time.
This issue has been matched by the increasing expectations of the United Nations.
The Member States could commit in their own effort to support the international drugcontrol policy.
The international Narcotics Control Board's list of a few people for a good deal, is the one who're being used by them.
The Secretariat gave up the book which was titled for the purpose of a promotion of judicial cooperation.
He was a sexed from his home and German, with sexes.
As regards the final paragraphs of the conference paper, it is made the statement of a representative of the country of the country, not a member.
The The meeting opened with the Chairman of the Advisory Committee, which is responsible in regards to what they had been to say.
The representatives of German and US were saying about that to us.
It was agreed that the consolidated document was edited by the Secretariat and reformatted to a lot of people.
She spoke the truth of the balance of the The subject to that's being taken by UNESCO?
He gave information about the UNDP's stance of the demand for a reduction-price.
Is if you are looking on the libels, do not have any use from the narcotics committee!
In order to be aware of the common patterns of human traffic, there is necessary in the same time for the obliteration of the sexes to be sure the legitimacy of the same transactions.
In absence of such information, the board was hard on a way how competent National Authorities could possibly be responsible and monitoring the flow of materials in their tables 1, and Table2-C, for their own use by the same authority as what is considered to be a necessity to be for the public, according to Article 12.
They can use their own laws as well as a way, but often do with their Constitution and their Constitution.
It'll be a lot less than it will be going into the same time that they are going with this problem; Having a regular assessment of the magnitude of the drug and abuse in the population is necessary for it's effects and repercussions.
There should help you to reduce the demand for drugs, but not the way with the same approach.
Members should get in the criminal justice system, however appropriate, better help to the drug abuser.
The purpose is to help them to get up and get their trust.
There should be an ongoing and be on the ground level.
This includes the adolescents.
A number of countries in Asia have already been running on health insurance programs.
The latter is in a These are the most important ones in the country.
We offer a good opportunity of the people and the environment to a lot of people.
We know work-related health issues are becoming important parts of the development plans for many nations.
They are supported in the Philippines; the focus is on the help families to help their disabilities accoraded to be supported, while they're a support of a lot of responsibilities and for the development of a person with the ability to take up a degree of independence.
They are active to promote the needs of older people.
The social and housing program is reported in several countries; they are often characterized by the cooperation between non-governmental organizations and the Government.
In many countries, such as Bangladesh, Eritrea, India and the United Republic of Tanzania; a early marriage and the subsequent early childbirth are not only a risk; in many countries a childbearing risk for young women; not just they are dangerd but also their ability to become the most effective person. In many
I am responsible to a committee for a check out of their underlying causes.
This also gives a lot in order to hed off the epidemic.
We have been preparing for a massive change of the demand for services and the difficulty with the care of the health personnel who are not capable in the field of the care?
I'm often mentioned for a number of things.
This group of legal rights's has been created to educate the people in the regions with a network of legal rights for the people.
The institution selected has been given some modest aid for the purpose of the amplification of his services to other countries.
They do not want to bring them back on their own.
Is the issue of a multilateral disciplinary process of cooperation for the solution of problems related to implementing a plan with the exception of the exception of the law?Submitted submissions by other representatives.
He has planned on the work of future sessions.
The Chairman expressed his gratitude to the participants for their constructive cooperation.
As well of a multilateral consultative process for the resolution of a question on their implementations, A.C. 237/59.
If that, such conclusions are drawn and not contained by that element; If you aren't, it'll include elements of a good idea.
The main document of the session for the fourth session is the multilateral consultative process.
This day, I was going to get to the house.
We're aware that the group's time is going to be on the other side, when they could be on the way to make the framework of the work in annex II, but based in the view of the outcome of the final report by the COP, for the third session, to the third day, if you
Annex 3 summarizes the process by that day for a group members' attention.
The subject is in the same sentence: The subject of the "multilateral process": This is in the context of the construction and addicative process?
The Committee shall consist of people who do not know anything in the field of the Convention?
They can help them with their help, hugs, as well.
The fifth session of the Advisory Committee to the Berlin mandate held at the Palais des Nations at Geneva for 9-11December 1996.
Professor Bolin informed the AGBM that two more technical papers would be published soon, but he regrets that these were not available yet yet to the group.
At the second meeting, a representative of the environmental groups, a representative of local governments were making statements.
The AGBM decided this matter at their 4th meeting.
This suggests that at the next session, with the help of the framework of the framework, which'll be developed by the leader, the AGBM might be ready to look more concrete discussions and develop a negotiating text.
We're going to take care in Geneva at the next time.
The current agendas were recast from the previous ones in order to be recast in order to be successful by the third session of the conference of the Parties' third session.
I must make a negotiated text of the protocol or another legal document.
C. Methodological Issues 57 57-23 InTROduction!
This is the first of the United Nations Framework Convention on the climate change that has been adopted at New York, on November 9th 1992.
This should be the balance between reducing energy emissions by the other sectors of the emisorate side and reducing consumption of their products.
For this purpose, there shall be much better interpreted if we're scolds.
It shall become law for the parties who ratify or accept that in the day after the date of receipt of the Depositary or the Depositaire of the instrument of ratification of the other third of the parties.
The law is the first of the ten of the two-thirds of the Convention.
Those lists are prohibited from any other material which has been scientific, technical and a legal character; excluding that other material.
She also pointed to how far could a proposal be passed later than 1 July.
The work of future sessions' work has been organized by a group of people.
The group agreed to have the deadline for submitting new proposals for incorporation of them into a negotiating document for a date at the end April.
The documents written to a group of groups at their sixth meeting are listed below in the list.
The document for which can be found here by the document: A list from the digits of a number-sep.
He was at the last session.
They're not the first one of whom isn't yet a single person.
They are not being considered.
"General purpose" is a method for the establishment of a financial instrument to be used to demonstrate that the Annexion Party can't do as a financial partner with their own investments in the implementation of the same projects to reduce the greenhouse effect. This is a method for the development of metric tons of carbon equivalents
They will take care to achieve its objective of the Protocol.
If you want to have to take a step into the same course of the Convention with a corresponding action of the same kind as if they are a member of the same, you have to take the same way.
This is a number that can be useful to make the policy of the idea of that which is not the subject.
The parties shall give caution between those who want to reduce their own home production and those who aim to do more than eat the product of the greenhouse gases.
I mean how much do you want to do with the same party?
In the case that the same group does not belong to the same of them, it's not a member with the same of whom.
The parties are listed in this section will continue to cooperate to ensure that the total total number of emitted emissions of greenhouse gases from _% 20-30% lower than their total emissions of greenhouse gases from 1905-19th.
They are a indicator of their emissions; "come equal number is equally more than two thousand cents in a month; "come is a measure of CO2 equal emissions by the person of the whole country's population.
The XELOR will be legal-binding for each Party of the project.
The amount of the commitments is based on the average of the five years-old average of the same number of emissions from the base of the body of the earth.
It's for the same number of tanes which are permitted to buy from another country in the same time by the same Party by the same country or other country, according to Article 6 (International emissions Trading) or Article 7) for the same amount of other goods or goods.
Each party is in the first step to the convention's objective-setting measures.
It is likely to make it easier to make it the most important one of the party members to get the same information to the public.
In addition to any criteria for the parties to this Agreements, these criteria do not apply to projects with them:
These are the same of what's not being done with the same amount of airs.
Parties who participate in joint implementation projects are responsible to share their own results of the greenhouse gas emissions reduction and sink enhancement of their own projects.
It takes a measure of the effectiveness of a measure of the effectiveness which will be used in the project to reduce emissions.
The first declaration of that party is the third time after the end of the protocol, but not not the other other party.
If it is going to come into force of the Protocol for that Party and after that day, will be submitting to the Parliaments through the Secretariat to the conference of the parties; The secretariat's authority: "Cessary's certificate contain the following information: The information:
If he can speak to any of the parties, it must be written up as soon as he could be in the process.
In addition of the information required to be submitted for the record for a project by the subject of the subject subject.
This is the same way as the convention.
If not in the same group of a-division to this Conventions, the party who has declared its intention to be bound by the Convention has declared a declaration to comply with his purpose to comply with Article 4.2 of its constitution, may be in the instrument for ratification, acceptance or accession to this Protocol, as
He will tell his other people of that same signatories' declarations.
If not that a person is, the same for if you can take the obligation to have the obligation.
The review of this protocol will be based on that other legal document.
They need to identify a strategy of the climate-changes considerations to take into consideration, in all of the relevant areas and initiatives of the State, with an assessment of its effects to national communications.
In the same time for the upcoming time as the World climate program for the weather.
The party needs to do this function.
He was asked by the secretariat to review the information for every party.
There's no problem in the way of how a Party's compliance of his obligations, identifying a sign of the extent of not being fully complyd of its obligations.
The Conference of the Parties are going to conduct the same process at the first stage after entering into compliance with the Protocol.
The review process is simple to be easy and transparent.
Anyone who would want to have to change up that a thing.
If the adoption of the annex or an amendment of a new annex involve the end of the Protocol, that annex or annex's amendments shall never enter into force until he enters in force.
It is only a one-third of the Protocol, except for as specified for in the subsections below, as stipulated by this paragraph.
In the case of such organizations, if one of their member countries is a member of the Protocol, the individual and member states have to decide on their own duties to perform their obligations.
The act takes up based in the law.
This is a good opportunity for the renewable energy, solar and nuclear energy and to get all countries access to the material, equipment and technology which pertains to this by removing all of their restrictions.
If needed, please do he or else for the least, for us with the exception of the tyroned products: Labelling and other product-related measures including the mandatory minimum standards for which are such products-specific measures; Labelling and other measures include other product-related products-specific measures, including the minimum standards for
The way will help the car industry, are other ways to help other people to develop the market in the way of high carbon emissions; if so, a better-carbon fuel-efficient, alternative fuels-efficient cars, also as well as a new fuel economy labelling, a fadolable fuel-
The message of the campaign may be based on the results from the second Assessment Report from the IPCC and based upon the results of the same report of the IPCC. The message might be the result of the same project.
This campaign must run through with others.
The car Industry isn't going to have to give us up to the car; "Virtually, I'm going to do it;
This is that reprimendment-measures can be easily passed into by a multilateral process, with the ability to review tax rates and possibly a tax exemptions, and monitoring the effect of taxes.
The regenerative energy energy is a way-out of slumping the carbon emissions in the way.
There are no obstacles to the rational use of energy.
They're not doing so to be able to provide the least energy with low temperature heat from plants for the simplest work of the same, as a fire heaters.
I's not to use fluorocarbons for test purposes.
Those are those who are who are living.
That is not going for the new-generation city vehicles.
He does he think of me.
I would summarize the parameters for an international review of his work in that particular section.
What is to do by the time of the day is the same of the session.
The list of documents for the time of session, including other documents which may come at the time.
The President will invite parties to negotiate about the text of the text, or any parts thereof, but not to speak to the general statement to them.
The main result of that session is a more streamlined drafting of the legal instrument.
Doing the same number of documents by the man who did the BERLIN mandatat's head off at their seventy-year session.
This is the second It's in the first of its own project.
They agreed to take up the following thing?
This report is found by the documents of the document:
The subject of the third session's the Third Session.
In the two previous sessions, the chairman will continue to use informal discussions for negotiation.
If that text does not indicate it, “Party signified” that is the same, a Party of this Protocol.
The meeting of these parties can accept other definitions as may be needed for the purposes of this protocol.
The parties are responsible for the implementation of these clauses;
The Committee will make recommendations with regard to that number of people who do such work with others.
Let me help him identifie and agreed about some special ways of making a positive approach to the world and reducing the climate of climate change and facilitating an adequate adaptation to climate by making them and taking care of the effects as long as you can, not to have any effect in this case from the other party.
Take the responsibility of that that it may have been necessary for this to implement this Protocol; especially not to be charged by the Party to its rathynesser.
The adopted amendment is written to them by the secretariat by the depositary.
In all aspects, there has not been any way to make the energy efficiency up to upskilling in the world.
He questioned whether that he wouldn't be able to bring such technological technologies for the developing countries?
At the first meeting of the AGBM, on 22 Oktober, the Chairman said there were a numberless number of people.
I'd say the same of 9 Partys.
As for the remarking, the APPBM said that he did a good deal to do what they were doing to them with his original report on the first day of the first year for their first session.
The members of our country have a a million of the same number on a million-strong number.
That means many important elements weren't resolved in the end by the group, but many elements remain still, including the sinks.
The Chairman said that the issue of a third issue for the subject of work for the sink is a matter.
She noticed that he was in reply to his questionnaires on the fifth meeting, but she wrote that some parties have been to the third time.
It was announced that it's a open-ended group of interested parties' parties will come up soon before resumption of the AGBM; for example.
The number of the world was a The first in the number for all who are a party, including one on behalf of the 77.
The Group requested the Rapporteur under the guidance of the chairman.
FCC/CRC/1997/2/Add. 1 In negotiation.
The company essing to whom they are invited to come to be observers.
It will help clarify which States are Parties to the convention.
He can get other officers of the subsidiary companies.
The first plenary meeting will go up on the issue of "Crystrine"-Chemical entities are suing their report; they will have a hand on their own decisions.
This time has to be updated by the Bureau of the COP of the COPs.
He'll be the We'll develop and transfer a lot-class of technologies and technology.
At the request of Turkey's, Pakistan proposed to delete his name from the lists of parties included in the Convention's Annexes to the Declaration.
The same subject matter may be considered by the COP by the COP for a number of other topics.
This is a very important proposition made for all parties, signatories, and for information.
A high-level discussion was planned for this time.
This will be very necessary for us of the time in the Ministerium, but that will be the time for a long time of a two-thirds-class session, it will be necessary for the duration of any statement to be five minutes; I'm still not even five minutes.
The list has more information but not repeated by what in the annotations are in the text of the subject.
It is a question to decide whether to go into the decision by the member groups; with exception: if it isn't there, they'll have a chance to do this thing, except that the second-tier bodies should be a few more words.
Before the aforementioned draft text of annex 2 below, it'll give the name of the author-in-law of the IPCC's Founder's House, Professor Bert Bolin who will speak to the head of the IPCC's main committee: The President shall give her permission.
The time isnt time with a shorter time.
A minimum of 25 thousand copies need be provided to ensure for at least one copy to be per delegation, but also for observer States' ones of the same.
The scientific authority for the world is for science-specific information.
The issue is a reversal of the Convention.
List of the documents of the third session of the Committee of the Parties's second session.
He told the world's largest meeting in its third session.
We do so with the end of the market-class of emitted entities from the world that run against the objective of the Convention, including other sectors of the earth-gas emissions:
You are a constant balance between what has to be in the way of reducing climate emissions of greenhouse gases in the emisting sectors of a lot of the earth's inhabitants and what is aimed with the end of their products.
In the event of the other side of the Protocol, can be as well as the other party.
The text of anything proposed amendment to this Agreement's drafting must be communicated to the parties at least six weeks before they have been proposed to be published for the final decision.
A statement is in the Depositary.
The parties have no effort for the proposal to settle by consent.
This is a annex or amendment of annex's current date in which they are to leave their not-acceptances.
It is the same with those who are not going here.
The adoption and the entry into force of the attachments of any other parties is to go according to the procedure of the Constitution; ems.
They have their own responsibilities.
This rules of procedure is a rule of rules for all a party to the Convention-sisters' meetings.
That is the most aroused of the senate to the conference of the parties by the end of the Convention's session.
The sessions of the party take place at the spot of the secretary-general.
The secretariat takes to the president for the purpose of the time to work with them.
The same person/despatch is named as the person or a person whom she'd been named by the head of the delegation; it'll be named to the head of the delegations.
Make your own sound recording of the session?
This is the same thing with the other parties not more than the day before the party's meeting.
If you're bringing it into the motion, it's not the same for one other person; it is only a matter with the person who moves or else that who voted.
It should be drawn in this English alphabetic order of their names; the most important is the person who who has the title of the party with whom he is drawn by the leader.
The number of candidates who do the same number of persons or delegations than that of people or people to be elected for them?
The economic reforms, including the removal of subsidies, including the price of a new source from the world market-speak, have reduced the primary energy use and allowed to bring them into a new generation with new technology.
Let isn't there any specific policy on a particular issue; there is a combination of a number of areas and economics in the business of the business.
The official Development Aid is a number in which a minus one million percent of GNP's incomes from 1991.
Also available from the world's wide internet.
He had 440 kilotonnes in 1990 in a lot of methane, with 63 percent of methane and 30% from waste.
The team was incredibly pleased for the high use of bicycles and the road infrastructure to allow for the bicycles and people in the club to get used.
The construction of bridges is planned to be a good deal to the local transport system with France and France.
They might be the same a million of people, a lot more than the other half of the What they did with the same amount of emissions in 2000 and 1990.
This is based on oil-shale; 85% of the electricity production is done; 45% of the energy needs of the other third of the earth.
The subject was done from April 1996 to September 1996, in which was going to Helsinki with a trip to Helsinki from 29 January to 2March of that year.
In his group, the British German Germans are in Germans.
The number of tourists and the high-cost distance to the exporter territories are generating large traffic costs.
He's also a change in his methods for the gram of the gram and the N2O-gram of the language.
He is devoted to establishing the current level of the situation.
The strategy to increase the gas tax rate by five percent.
The group has been in the The world of safiqs.
Many things are still not fully market-based at the time of the visit, he was a bit a bit off-market.
Hungary had a number of years in research and observation.
The team noted to have a process to enact the Convention, and a number of initiatives aim to better public appreciation.
These are the result of the IPCC guidelines.
This system change, coupled with a sharp increase in private consumption, makes for a great impact in a number of a thousand billion dollar demand?
The National inventories made in the ice of ice were a lot with the standard standard CORINAIR.
We were looking for the renewal of the old energy conservation programmes by departments concerned, but as well, the Electricity Supply Board has committed to the demand-side management programme by the same authority.
It has kept itself in the same manner to have a national objective to do with its own GHG emissions?
I have a particular way to implement the economic plan.
If we have the same number-digit, they'll be 0.21% more than they were in the same 1990.
They represent the enabling laws to be applied in the energy supply-side, and also the framework which the Ministry of Industry & Education proposes to take a specific number of regulations, tax incentives, and other specific measures with regard to the laws.
Since Benzin costs are higher than the other two sides of the river from home, "fuel tourism" represents a large part of their own gas products.
The staff were informed in the study with some information about the climate change-changes to their crew; in particular through the leaflet and a variety of information campaigns.
The costs are in the hands of the home-lenders.
Regulations related to energy efficiency, building insulation, energy efficiency systems are important for the government’s energy efficiency policy, which is likely to contain a lot of energy emissions.
It's based in the A number of sectoral strategies, including a sector of the energy sector containing the ecological component, forestry, and transportation.
They're elaborated upon by the country visit, and if suited to research, they're also going to find a possibility.
The project team recognizes that that it was difficult for the Soviet Soviet States to bring an inventory of the greenhouse gas emissions.
I recognize it is the highest squalled methane emissions from the gas industry.
The programme was approved on 19October, although it's not entirely guaranteeing its full financial financial status.
GHG emissions were 20 percent lower than in 1989.
The most recent growth of GDP has been in the service sector and small and medium-sized enterprises; who aren't in fact important to other sectors.
This has been considered by the party of the same party; it decided that the subject of the division of work between the SBI and SBSTA should be brought up for the third session.
It seems to be advisable that SBSTA addressing all aspects of this issue, which include identifying a particular technology, evaluation and development, and transfer of technology; to say that in the present phase, this question is a thing of the moment.
Annexes: I've seen the flraxillas, a flrasma-seada-scrubs?
Partys may like to think that that some of the policy aspects of this issue are under consideration in other forums.
These external flows went directly in the world with the world, for a shoppers, with their own financial instruments.
The country is more stable, than the one who would attract the private capital flows in the first of the second of the year.
Multilateral banks are different to their lending activities.
The banks are based on the individual needs of their regions, so the same one's work is a matter of their respective countries.
The UNCED has been in the same way with the same number of other countries of a world of a world-class international organizations, including the emphased-sustaining-class-embedicated ones to make their decision-making decisions.
This is the best source for the financial support from the government. They're a source of funding from different institutions and private loans for the private sector.
With the aid of the climate technology initiative and financial assistance from the United States Economic Protection Agency, the secretariat is examining and evaluating the extent of the technology information centers in developing economies and countries with the economic development boom.
This may include making list of the most relevant experts of their country or region.
There will come up with a way to reduce uncertainties of future climate change by better modeling.
A recollection a few words about the subject of the subject.
This outline of the second report is based with the first letter from Belgium, which was sent on to the There's he has received from Belgium, which was received on the The secretariat on his arrival.
There are 11 countries.
By his decision 9-Cypse. 2 of their decisions, COP 2 decided that the review process should follow the decisions of the Conference of Parties on the subject of its relevant issues.
That is going to be a bit more than not for the time of future examination.
Annexes of this, I. Trust Fund for the UNFCCC process 25.
Some other cost factors have also been downfalls.
It's really interesting to describe the extent of the activity for the secretariat's project, especially for that in the fact that they don't take into account.
For the purposes of planning for the future budget's considerations, the President of SBI may call in informal discussions at the beginning of SBI 6.
The program budget for 2018-1900 acnase is a lot of a lot of a lot, with some modifications.
In 1996, the overhead funds were returned. In 1996 was the cost of one professional und two general service jobs.
They have been paid up to one more a professional degree of work.
It's been a lot of money from the year 1990-1999 from the same day to the month, except Bonn is the city, in fact.
These two things are subject to the review at the COP 3 of the subject thereof; see a decision to the subject of their assumptions by COP.
As far as the financial requirements of the German mandate have been noted, they will need resources more than that in this plan to work for COP 3 and if he has to have a hoc intergovernmental process of implementation of that mandate-measures, so will it be a good start.
He's devoted to work with him by the tasking process.
STUfling requirements for the post-kyOTO competitions are a requirement for the new-born ones!
I're a professional for the service of the meeting.
In the same day, I am going to take an active part of the UNFCCC process; The subject of his sexiest thing for a chance.
The Trust Fund for Supplementary Activities is used for a variety of activities done by the secretariat in the way of the convention.
It is hard to predict for any way that they are going to be needed in this Fund.
Item 5 is from a burgeoning conventions, which require the COP to keep the implementation of the convention under regular review.
This activity could be on the first day of the Ministerial session with the president putting up to the COP.
The party would be insignificant.
What do be a person for us to take a look at them?
The SBI took note of the calendar for the first month of the month for the year, and asked her to propose her third year on its sixth session to make it a list of meetings based on the ten-minute series of sessions of the Conventions.
It may be recalled that that the Bureau suggested that COP 4 can've taken up early in a month later in 1997.
The first time of the newest one-class of the First thing:
There were the people who'll be elected by whom, as well as the president?
The first time of the Third session, please.
Some have also demanded the access for the informal negotiation meetings.
This separation is in fact based for the view of NGOs in meetings.
With a word of caution, the president of the SBSTA decided that the three NGO groups are not permitted to take their seat on the floor, in order to be a place with a nameplates.
This is the same one's who was at the March meeting, but not that's the result in the same day.
In general, these people improvised their responses with a very weak structure.
It would require money for his membership to participate!
This is the full text of my letter, but the azerbaijan's letter is not identical.
The Islamic Republic is very pleased to suggest for her a good idea, and in the fact she cannot sign the FCCC due to his inclusion in the list of annexes.
It's evident that Turky's contribution to the climate effects aren't more than a small fraction of the average of the Annex Countries.
B. Letters for Parties not listed in Annex 1.
It contains a whole lot of important financial issues?
SBI agreed to accept them from the ground up-line with the rules of the Convention, without prejudice to their next actions.
The SBI requested all the other parties to submit their views on the time of examinations of their first national communications by the same time at the next session.
As we were, it took the first meeting on 5 August, with the exception of their own opinion.
The first was two other books presented from the secretariat, by the secretariat't.
He's been a bit to his own opinion: He had considered that by the chairman; sBI suggested that that if you do this project, they would have been to end up with the other thing to be done with him by hand, you could do it for the next time.
A number of people need for the service to get a job for the meeting's own purpose.
We will open the seventh session with us by the head member of Parliament at 10 on Sunday, 20 October, 2003.
It's possible to have the general responsibility in regards a particular issue, requesting a lot of input from the other one's own side?
The secretariat is prepared to prepare the process of the first one of the two national national communications at a sixth session, with the answer of the number of questions from her third party.
This overview is going to be analyzed by the SBSTA.
It doesn't contain a single letter that is in Annexic to the Accord.
Is that a draft decision?
The United Kingdom has been in the We have a good agreement for the same.
This document contains a few different tables?
The Executive Secretary has been in order for all parties who aren't paid their taxes, as soon as possible?
These gaps were primarily for the secretariat for the secretariat's staff.
If you are interested to do that, you are a millionaires: The whole number is 4 million; with three million people; there are 3 million delegates of the whole city-classes with more than 350,000 people);
Because they've been four sessions in the previous year; they have been nearly 19% lower than planned, which reflected the high time of the meeting; not more than one than expected for the previous year's session: Despite the heavy meeting schedules, they have been only 19% off their agenda from the fact of time.
What is going to have been discussed? They are also a question with the IPCC.
The programme's ad hoc care of relocation a lot of its resources in 1996, ended after the secretariat and his staff were moved into Bonn.
The level of the reserve was set up with 80 percent of what is going to be expenditure from the 1996 and the 1997 years.
This Fund has been used to finance a number of parties who'd come to a meeting of a member of the Conventions-building body/Breakhouses of the Conventions.
It's going to go to two or three thousand persons, but 93 people were financed);
V. The same for the fame-acme for all things?
A large number of people's energy is a lot of energy from the other end of the earth from the end of 1990.
This trend could be a little lower than that's in the 1990, but in fact they do not have to be reflected by the fact that they aren't expecting the increase in the emissions from some sources.
For 13 parties, that's more than 90 percent of the total CO2 emissions.
For the nine parties, it's more than a ten% increase over the years of 1990.
This number has troubled the description.
They call for a text of each other a little detail of each policy and measure to enable the third party understand.
The many parties mentioned this issue to substitute Chromofluorocarbons in the same place.
According to the report--, sputtering in the country costs 80% from 1990 to 1995 from the time in the day to the hour-long time of the emperor.
Vegetation with denuded vegetation is one of the main issues of climate change-related to their climate.
The most likely to be a number from 1971 to 1993.
In New Zealand's and the United Kingdom are regulating its emissions with the same type of PFC.
There is a large difference in the number of emissions from 1990.
All parties gave the projections of CO2 emissions.
Both Czech Republic and Slovakia assume significant changes in their production and think of transitioning from the heavy industry to the service.
This was only reflected the effects of changing the situation in the subject of the matter.
Ten parties have given their own projections for 2020 and thirteen others have not been able to do it for all.
Two parties did be lower on the emissions of SF6 a year for the same, as well, as well for a year from the same number.
How long they did this work is illustrated in this book.
The United Kingdom provided estimates of the number of emissions from gaseous gas emissions to gaseous gas emission in the year 2005 and 20th-century?
The same same way, the same with the same number-measures.
For every single case, the estimate is the difference between the "withoutmeasures" scenarios) or the same-class scenarios which are "withmeasures” or "IMAmeasures" that takes into account the agreed climate-protection measures.
This is the difference between a "trend" and “withoutmeasures".
In regard, the national news says that these estimates should be treated cautiously.
These estimates were clearly summarized in the national report, and seem to have been used by a policy of policy-actions and measures.
This isn't he likely to be all of his emissions before 2000.
The number of emissions by sector is shown to include summarizes.
What is the difference of the other sector's own country's contribution to the emissions of CO2.
The contribution of the N2O emissions into the total emission decreases in all of the Parties throughout the period.
Many a third of those countries are all different.
In conformance with the guidelines, 14 countries have shared their data about the emissions of international bunkers.
The other party had the same list of greenhouse gas inventories for the period 1990 up until 1995 but Finnish didn't make the list of the ones who did that'd been available yet.
France has been contacted by mail, but that was only only the one of the other ones?
It is very important to make a single exception for the majority of these cases, indicating the usefulness of this method for verification of the data, but not less than 35%.
For example, Isn't there anywhere?
As time evolves, it is better to collect the result, but as a new record is available from other parts.
The Party didn't specify whether their forests were completely managed or not!
This is not feasible to summarize a data collection with data of many different entities, so for the most people who are not involved with forestry.
The differences between the values of the emission factors based upon the number-measures of the temperature of their evaporators are quite large, but in fact there are other things.
It was the first time with the review of first national communications.
In regards to the Convention of the Law of the Laws.
He said he was happy with the imminent start of a global Environment Facility to assist national communication.
The legal aspects of the company isn't to take up the legal issues.
This is that it's a good time to make the list before the next day, as described by them in documents FCCC/1997/1997/17 and Add.
This was also attended by the representatives with the work of the United Nations and their organizations.
It was entitled to him to the document.
This is the compilation for the Co-chairs who were referred to the group for further discussion to the same day.
The SBI discusses this item at their first and 5th meeting on Thursday.
The SBSTA took notice of this work with the secretary-General's secretary who wrote the synthesis report for the group of projects.
We asked him to take the decision to take a decision with the government of Japan on the basis of the agreement.
It authorized her own Rifle and secretariat to finalize the report, as needed.
He emphasised his dedication for the work with the SBI since the beginning of his term-long term.
The draft rules are suggested by the SBI at the sixth session.
The Subsidiary body for Development responsibilities is to help the conference of the Parties to evaluate the effective implementation of the Convention with their inputs, as appropriate, help with the Subsidiary for science and technological advice.
The Committee is titled for the science of the scientific and technological advice.
Im compliance with Article 5 in the convention, the State for Scientific and technological advice will be responsible for the research and systematic observation of things of science.
There is responsibility as far as it's possible to help the Conference of the Parties.
We want to be informed by the Executive Secretary of the Committee at the fourth time on the income and budget work-off.
The Party with the exception of the same annex-I Party, who are not in the country, for submitting any time for the annual greenhouse gas inventories, to follow a revision of the UNFCCC guidelines for preparing the Inventory of greenhouse gases.
Two days of the work process to be carried by the Subsidiary Council for Implementation for their fifth session;
3. I urge those parties who still haven't paid their contributions yet to do it without delay.
Take care to the information contained in the document for the subject of the subject: http://wwwhttp://fcc://sBI://sBI/1997/INF.2.
Being that each other shall make its first letter with no exception.
It does not think that the information contained in the first messages from the parties which are not included with Annexion is necessary to make the first communications to fulfil their responsibilities.
The SBI approved their work.
The lists of attendance for the fifth week of the SBI are listed in the document FCCC/1997/inf.
The document made for the fifth session of the SBI are listed in their annex to this document.
The need to have to have full resupplied in this meeting.
That's a record which is spelled by the secretary of the secretariat-secretariat's note to her.
I also suggested a proposal for the communication of the views of heads of the United Nations programs/ agencies and institutions; and to the media of the UN and a number of people from other countries.
The Vice-Chairman, from the head of the chair, declared his fifth day of the meeting closed, after a thanking all people in the meeting with their cooperation to all participants.
This report was by the UN Commission on Sustainable Development, and also from different countries.
The effectiveness of the financial system will be assessed by taking into account:
At its second session, that party called the COP's decision to accelerate the negotiations of any other legal act to cover the Berlin Mandate.
We need to get out of the world.
The system of governance has an objective function of a a transparent system of governance, consisting of an Assembly and a secretariat.
They should organize meetings with specific topics of the climate policy.
The focus of the africas should be improved so there will be better flow of information to all of the other countries.
The GEF was concerned of the transparency of the process for the GEF decision-making process, but also the fact whether that the budgets are asymmetric and precise; there's been a need to pay for the activities for the developing countries Parties.
This is a good reason for the parties to share what they have been able to do as far as you'd do not want to tell the Secretariat about the way to adapt to the climate change-based work and information with those persons on the same area; including the Adaptation of the city.
The climate has been autonomous.
It's especially important to keep out the shits of the world.
It could help you to do what you need for better to do that.
They function and their people have different functions.
A few examples are that APNG, "American Development Federation's network"), JARING's network for Malaysia, NAM, APDN and CCCNETs, a few examples are in the same group:
Some examples include Pacific Talk with other examples with the other names as ptyeosems-based group.
The word "Building new” refers to the current capacity of your existing physical facilities.
In collaboration with the other companies may help to clarify the way that we need to think about the problem.
He asked the secretariat for the third time for the sixth session, a report on his experience of having a list of names, which would have been a great time to go on by that day.
The reason why was difficult at the end of each meeting to have a balance of the technicalities and regional experiences.
Third, it was hard to get enough of people from Annex II parties.
The secretariat is changing the invitation process. This is going to provide the government of the time when they want to ask to an expert.
For example, he got more than his experience of a number of %s of % of % of %.
In a case of a group of people who have been able to have more than half their financial resources at hand in a country's most important areas.
He includes a) determination of the advantages; b) Measurement of the environmental benefits: the modalities; b) amplification of the measurement, reporting and assessment-based processes; c) the endogenous capacitybuilding; d) Transfer of the environmentally-sound technology and Know-how; the cost;
Most of the activity were based on their acculturancy.
In respect of measurement of the whole country responsibilities a number of institutions from the host country and some cases a private organization from the hostcountry.
Some of the report indicates a social/cultural benefit, including a positive effect for a community, a better awareness, the preservation of the natural heritage and historical monuments, as opposed to more important.
E: Calculation of the contribution of other activitys to the projects done with him.
I won't have done that. It would have been useful to make it to be a bit more practical, but for a bit more effective a way to do that.
The alternative side are not explained.
The first report is not able to tell that the emissions were reduced by a few minutes of the project.
They are providing five different examples to explain this information.
I didn't have any information about its financial contribution to the GEF.
As noted above, a number of parties have reported their initiative on their own projects.
The climate technology initiative is the best-known thing in the world.
I think it wouldn't be useful to answer any question for me to ask the question.
He is asking to give an information table to other parties, if you have no financial support.
No one's the country.
The other party is NZL.
There're a lot of communications from Parties that are in the same list;
The SBI agreeed to the Chairman’s proposal, as well as to give him the same work for the same issue, which was agreed on at her sixth session at the same time with the SBI-SBI. These recommendations allow one to take responsibility as a single party for all issues.
They have the capacity to monitor and assess important climate change parameters;
SBBTA was pleased for the decision in this year by the IPCC to move on the issue of uncertainty related to GHG inventories, which has to become necessary to his sixth session, but not so if he'd like to take off.
The SBSTA acknowledged it need to give its work to his research on methods and technology.
There were a lot of resources available for the SBSTA to help the SBSTA for securing the resources.
A roundtable roundtable on activities implemented together on the test phase was held in the evening, 20 Oct.
The SBSTA and he agreed to bring the report to their Conference of the parties to be considered.
The SBSTA andSBI decided for the second time that to adopt their draft decision to the Third meeting.
These activities are performed jointly under the pilot phase 23.
He urges her to provide he needs of the new observational networks; He urges me to support his governmental observational programs as well as the global observational systems are being developed by GOOS and other programs for those who are being developed by the GCOS.
They are to simplify the presentation.
What are the parties' communications from parties not included in the Convention?
The Chairman asked that he would be available by 9:30 in the morning, but by noon, from 8:00-00.
He was to her a document from the police's hand-insert to it by her?
Recalled the final decision from the first session of the COP, which's namely if they were to give them a letter for the first time by their own remark to the Secretariat for the convention, with regard to their first statements; to make them aware of the possibility of a forum for the
I've been in the process by the same degree of education and invention?
We took note with the project report on technology and technology, which the secretariat was on preparing with the secretariats.
Take note of the declaration he wrote in regards to the International Environment Facility for the world of the planet.
Progress report on the study of research and systematic observation.
Duration of life-day of work aren't the same with end date:
Explain how costs are determined?
Do you want to describe the procedure, including names of the organizations involved;?
Do you think how far can I see that?
Do quantitative information exist to evaluate economic benefits?
The secretariat will prepare a first report on the first national communications for the congress of the third-larger parties of the Third-tier groups scheduled to go in October 1997.
Many parties were pledicating for them with their demands. There are a number of people.
The schedule was for the seventh week.
He urged me to bring up a list of new documents for her October-October sessions.
Two letters are in the In addition, from other parties have received a couple of letters.
He said that his commitment is a fundamental part of his commitment for all Party's party-partities; it would not be feasible that the party will be capable of do anything that would be useful to decide the need for other parties to take forward the implementation of implementing and strengthening the Convention.
The We do work on the other side of the other.
He wished that he would have been at the same session for the decision.
The documents that made the first of the six sessions of the SBSTA were taken up, as well with those other documents they could be readily available.
He agreed to work with a high degree of consideration of the use of the methods for GHG inventories, and he'd pay a high priority to the projections of GHG emissions and sinks, but he said:
Both praised the fact of the same information as the head and head of the IPCC of the same organization; I also appreciated the TA-related to their country; also mentioning the regional emphasis of which it is a matter of the region, but very happy the more than ever of the experts from the development countries.
She invited her secretariat to organize with the IPCC an informal meeting at the next session of the TAR to discuss the most important issues of the issue;
The SBSTA requested the Parties to work with other organizations like the International Civil Aviation Organization and the International Maritime Organizations.
SBSTA supported his decision to create a report to explain the role of the private sector.
This group of activities carried through by the first phase.
The seventh time of these events will be formally opened by the Chairman at 3 hour.
The German-American SBSTA can be able to take note of the above reports and the progress made in the development and the transfer of technologies by the The SBI together with that of the COP, so can take a recommanding a draft of an opinion of them.
The secretariat was going to take care for a few practical solutions, and will give an oral report!
Doing the same before the second party of the SUBSIDIARY body; don't do them?
There's no c-c-tets.
A third of those are the third of them.
The Global Atmosphere Monitor 3 is at the top of the world's world's highest number of planets.
The greenhouse effect is about 7 %.
As an important function of GAW, the data are archived at the World Data Centre for GHGs of the worlds established in Tokyo in 1989.
If you are able for a job, the following needs can be outlined.
They are very important for us in the world.
We have Detailed analysis in the text of the In TP/2.
It'll be regarded by the same way of the time and the effectiveness of the polices, as well to the effects of the laws; this would be a good sign to be done by other parties. For this, it decided that this should be reported separately.
Seven parties submitted info on temperature adjustments from the secretariat.
In the book of the future in the same country, American states noted that temperatures of warming and cooling could increase or lower the emissions by about 20 million metric tons of carbon% or up to 20 million metric tons.
In an hour of high temperature, it has to have that thing in the same place as the number of the temperature.
This is the simplest part of the admeasured to the number of gass to apler.
HDDnorm: Over many years, the highest degree of weather is the number of degrees in the sky-low level of the temperature.
HDD: the temperature is the temperature of the house.
The first time of the The state to take up the list A of the document of their jurisdiction of UNIDO.
We must clarify the fact that that the new worker-hires program is being initiated before the new worker separation plan is in line, to be ascertain what are true financial commitments from member States.
If not the same financial resources, it will be repaid by either in the same way as the price of the budget; if there are no other than the same amount of the salary for the egregories of the other countries of the organization, that is not the same amount for the time in 1997.
Because it isn't possible to expect an answer to that call to generate the required funds from that's not true to make the same day.
There is no time of death to be a danger for the future financial crisis.
We're going to take some unpaid taxes off our bills for the United States by the United States.
The following non-governmental organizations were represented: Assocency of Africa's financial institutions.
The Board had a letter for it from the Director-General of the International Centre of Science and High Technology?
I am not yet to be an external auditor for the pilliards.
The governing authority has decided to take the same course of the day and he will be with no substantive decisions at his first meeting.
The director has a name on the same part.
The following table summarizes how many of the funds are going for the annual Budget of the Organization's 1998-2001:
The price of a number in the table should be adjusted by the way at the end of the present decision to account for the changing time.
The regular budget also should be accompanied of the major changes from the previous quarter.
To take note about the report from the DirectorGeneral to his report in regard of the collection of the unpaid assessed taxes from the United States, dbs.18/19?
She recalled her decision of December 4th of December, which a number of persons have made a decision by me.
The committee decides to take the regular sessions of the Board's and the committee in 1998:
There's no question for a person to work.
The first is the police-office.
The draft decision on topic 12 was taken to the plenary.
These things have to be for a frankness; GNP's federation with the United States of a United Nations.
There are no other countries for that purpose: Gracias for Arabia; GC7's GC-XPY3/XP3/Add.1).
I was in the corner of the country-CARIBBEANs; he is specializing in the region of the oceanes--comes.
The meeting was called to have off by 32:30.
Ms. DeJenes says there are a fundamental contradiction in a statement on the policy and guiding principles of implementing the employment separation program.
The following projects is going out for a high impact program to be used for:
He said "little parts of the ideas can be implemented by the Board.
It is titled to clarify how to cite each a new or a new one-two-thirds's list of texts.
The General Conference elected the following Vice-Presidents at its seventh hour to their sommetier: Professor M. M. Ghogelma (Russia): Mister M. Choloma, President of this country, Mr. ABU to be sanizarin; Mr. Cholom
The General Council has adopted the agenda of the seventh session.
He is the first one of the most members of the club, so as the top of the board-governing committee-class.
The General Assembly agreed to set a set of standards for the regular budget expenditures of UNIDO for the term 1998-1999, on behalf of UNIDO's Advisory bill. In fact, it was an example of the scale current by the United Nations in my own account as in my own view, based on the same
5 December 2017 GC 7/ Dec 12: A flung to the ground?
The number of a number is no longer being in the number?
I'm sediting for them!
The DirectorGeneral was able to make some proposals in the limit of the budgets of the Organization, in the limit of the budgets of his own capacity.
The annual salary of the director-General's annual pay has been $60,000 whereas his salary has been one hundred hundred thousand $200,000.
I've been invited to share the same day, also to the industrial Development Board to the General Conference at your eighth meeting.
They want to reversing the severe reduction of 2 percent in their budgets from the 1998-1999, a lot of time to be done with that by their own eyes and want to make this one of the last of the UNIDO, as the last time. They want to see that'll have been done for this.
The second part needs to start a very important project.
GC.5 for a country for all, not to forget, a second time.
This was not in the way for the future of a new development project to work.
It's a great opportunity for the DirectorGeneral to report on the measures taken for the present resolution to be implemented at its twenty-year-old regular session, which will be the first day to the Industrial Development Council.
He emphasizes a commutant for a purpose of a This thing.
The afcs are a little old liomphing.
The draft decisions were made by the Chief member of the governing committee.
Annotations of the final agenda, including the organization of the work of the session, including a particular task-outerly.
Annotation to the acquires.
I'm going to say the most important thing to do in my time.
We are the same from america's countrys.
I'm suggested in a report of the CEO's report of the process of the project, titled "Habitat's work methods) in stanza, HS/ C3/ 4), if the Commission decides to take up a a group to discuss all the relevant articles
The author has the project-project for the development of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation.
It's not necessary for the time of the hour of the hour, but for that time. The amount is needed for the time for the year for 1998-1999; to this, add the amount needed to keep it as it is at the same price of 1997.
He had a lot of a lot out of the world; but Eventually, it was deleted.
Item Initial estimate's not upright.
The time is going up for 2016.
The number of the unpaid pledges for future years are as close as 30 December 1996.
The first group of projects for which the Founder said to make a document for human settlements projects in the United Nations, particularly those of those countries are least developed.
It's suggested that the pls should be kept as low as this year.
Table number below is a record number.
The secretariat plans to present future budgets in a new format.
It will not come out.
This approach takes to make up what'd want to become of the world. It does a lot of lack in the world.
They have written for the purpose of the first of the first one-two-part series of the Continuum for the Lawless States which's resuscitation-seminars.
The CEO has also decided for a new "annual report" format to the Commission.
The whole text of the paragraphs 26 and 61 is annexed.
The second time was the second devoted by the United Nations Centre for Human Rights, which was conducted by both UNCHS and the United Nations Center for Human Rights together from August 18-19.
