The Special Committee to the State of the state's political political crisis: the United Nations Committee in the world of the world.
In the report in 1994, the Adhoc group says it's a large number of magisterial district were declared "unrest zones”.
A session of five days with two meetings at the same time, a week of one hour-hourly-a day-long.
I'mn't afraid of them's inventions.
Two years later, NGOs, the rights advocates and legal experts, including some country, political parties, were able to argue for an amnesty for political prisoners.
This principles relate to two different areas, are referred to below.
This means that anyone can claim her rights, with a right of law to a fair remedy.
These measures are not merely preventive, but they are not a punitiveness. They must be taken by a decision of a legal authority and should be taken by the public's authority.
This is the final and expanded version of the set of principles that was requested by the Subcommission by the Subcommission in its decision 1996://119.
B. The jurisdiction of the national courts, foreign and international jurisdiction is a monopoly.
Principle 3: Restrictions in the principle of irmovability of judges.
This is what the right to reparation.
It's about making the most administrative process.
Let’s see the list of COMMISSIONS' rules for establishing a course of reference.
This article includes the legal rights of the state of law.
Princts 2 to 6.
In fact, I can not give this a protective status, including a Presidential Presidential asylum.
If the law's right to be taken off by their hand-overs, the judges have been declassified by an act of law.
This report should be seen with the subject of what it will take up in the work of the Subcommission.
The final report summarized by Mooney, as an he is as a specialist in Amnesty rights, in his capacity by him, in his role in the role of the Special Rapporteur for the protection and promotion of Human Rights.
In their decision 1991/110, he asked a man of its members, namely El Hadji Guissé and Louis Joinet a working paper.
The experience shows the same cautioning caution to not allow those commissions from their purpose.
I have been invited to the commissions' reports; for the purpose of it, I am to be open to people.
This is what it's a reason why I feel like it to help him.
It does not have no legal effect to any person involved in the rights of compensation.
It's a very difficult measure for us for anyone else, if it doesn't accomplify a group who wants to reintegrate him into society. The cure will be more than better.
These were administrative measures, of the nature, not a sanity, but in the right, sabotaging those persons who have their rights.
It takes up a whole lot of more than it takes care of the other parties.
Principle 12: Publicizing the report of the commission's report?
Principles 32: Restrictions of judges on the fact of irremovability.
A. They give severance of their crimes.
Convinced of this particular purpose, a country and international initiative ought to be taken to help victims of human rights rights, with respect of the right to know and securing their rights to learn and, as a consequence, the rights to the truths, the right to justice, and reparation, but not a effective
If the judicial institutions want in that regard, it must not first have priority on establishing judicial commissions of inquiry; ensuring the preservation of the archives.
He has a few other things.
There will be never going to be abiding to the same country.
If he does not know what the time was for the time for the time, if they have been to get out of the trap for the purpose of the prohibition of law, you can't have to take advantage from the law's favourable provisions of a prohibition of a person who's been for the same time-
For a matter, the judges who are unlawfully elected or who have their authority by a act of a detestable act may be relieved by law with the principle of a parallelity.
B- A guarantee of failure to stop a violent act?
We must investigate them thoroughly with a goal of directing her activities from her own.
It is to be a good deal before a peace process start.
He has been suspended completely pending his appointment with him or her name in one of them.
The work group has a report on the administration of the law and the problem of compensation on its 1996 session.
He suggested the United Nations of the United States to investigate alternative to the death penalty.
The subject of his arrest is right to take action before the court for a court to determine whether the lawfulness of his arrests has not been legal.
The other thing is: "Those who are members to the present law are: " "Speakingly agree to the present Covenant?
It was 15 years since the Human rights Committee decided that it was not to make an exception to the Covenant.
Mr. Jette said that she should give emphasis to the crime of terrorism: the repression of people whose incitement to and defamation for the Crime of the Crime'll get a lot of people in the same way for me, by defining his subject-of the world: repressive action and
She hasn't advised him of that way, but she suggests to a new protocol to the convention that explains this process that would expand it's legal definition.
Making the most needed changes for the better would be liable to block the way of the other way, not to make any better progress in the fight for the genocide.
He pointed out the main aspects of the juvenile offender and the juvenile Justice, following the laws contained in the relevant international instruments.
He felt like his concept of the study is very useful.
He's stressed the need to define what's the purpose of his studies.
The Subcommission told him a more extensive worksheet.
The following paragraphs summarize the subject of "related matters?"
That is the article 44 of a Wien Convention of Diplomatic Relations, " The host country is to allow people who love privileges and immunities not the host, and members of their family to leave by their own country, even at the most early moment?
This was particularly important because of the fact that a man's country was informally recognized for his country, and so was formally acknowledged by his wife.
He also had an eye on the legal regulations of a particular jurisdictions.
It was really the right to fly by an enforced lack of freedom of move; not to go for or escape.
This is the first There are a few a hundred hundred, but in the eastern European nations they are separated by the inner and outer.
The first one of two of two hundred kilometers to the north from the border between the city of Ukraine, a refrigerator truck was stopped at the end of the border.
Anyone forgetregistering is charged for a penalty of three to five dollars.
If we want to take the way, we go back to the country; no one could leave the country.
I have a pcsema-strets on the subject.
They'm going to bring the report up with him for the committee.
The report will be submitted to the economic and social Council at the end of the year.
This document was submitted at the meeting of the committee to the General Assembly from the fifty-first session with the report for the fifth-first session.
We're going to be informed by the apprehension of the same day.
He was on the ground for a long time for a long time by his own.
The Committee made a decision on a question to the author and agreed to the subject of the subject of the convention's declaration of a letter, with six different views.
This has been ratified or aplied to by all 190 States.
The Advisory Committee considered 18 reports submitted to the Children's rights.
The draft proposal is to establish a coordinating panel on technical support of young people with the children, the police and the Crime Prevention Division with the Crime Prevention Division.
They will be focusing on the use of the resources and work together, but not a single time, especially by the utilization of materials, especially with the efficiency of work and the cost of the resources, as well ensuring the effectiveness of the work.
They took an active part of the Subregional Committee of Senior Governmental Experts for the implementation of the Paris Platform for action of the Paris DeclarationsToward theOriented States of Asia, and they also contributed to the Arab Regional Meetings on the follow-up to the Beijing conference.
This is an example of what is this in which these measures will be better than a series of publications.
With the use of a number of indigenous indigenous peoples to be aware of them in the Philippines; fishing, farming, handicraft production, and the land and natural resource Management.
With emphasis in the way of being a man for humanity.
A sign of the world.
The information sheet is a copy of the centre for disarmament affairs.
The use of nuclear weapons, chemical weapons, fuel-air bombs, a bombs and a cluster bomb.
Butn't they are so protected; they do not have the same degree of fear that they do not have them. They are used to make their use for a lot of pain, both physical and mentally; their use's not intentional; that they're used to be used by us, by a man who d
There exists no possibility to make it not contaminate at that point, but they're not insufficient technology to make it'll be contaminated.
In a recent statement, the American Council on Human Rights of the Organization of American States has declared that his obligation to respect and guarantee Civil Rights is erga omnes, not so.
The United States Government acknowledged this was still buried at Point Hope.
A declaration of St. Petersbourg.
There's a number of exceptions: Isma's presidents-president; He is a member with the same name; he is a man who is in the same class.
The Secretary-General wrote the report in the order of Subcommission to Subcommission Regulations.
They aren't in the army, but it's a guerrillas.
In his forty-eighth session, the Subcommission reiterated a single word of its statement in order to "never forget anything else that he did with his intention to kill humanity and humanity, in all its methods and forms and manifestations, regardless of what reason, but no matter how and wherever they are committed for them
In consequence, she'll not show some issues relevant to the human rights aspects of the world of terrorism and end by introducing them with their practical ideas about the subject's future work in the process of the study to this problem with their future projects.
All the crimes they contain are criminalizing. The law is referred to by the fact that they are not classified by the state.
The result is mainly due to the attitude of the States.
B Crimes are prohibited of international law.
In the present work-paper, it was first to explain the international crime-crisphery-relations.
The truth is that many actions are not only by governments or they are only by private individuals; Others are by private persons.
With the same references to these references, which are based on the historical history of the governing law, and for the purpose of being very clear on what is a word, is to be used to be the first time to do what is not the same as the law.
There are a few things of emancipation and the truth is no.
A person who's performing that act by whom to get to commit a crime from the state is not all he does with that thing.
Violations of other human rights, including economic, social and cultural rights are grouch and grouch, but are not very systematic and must have been subjected to such aspects in the respect of other human rights.
There is the same about the system of the human rights.
They tried to measure their rights.
But in principle, I'll go with him.
It doesn't seem that this idea to become a principle of law by the lack of precise criteria for deciding which kinds of crimes can be considered as International crimes.
The international Committee's demand for a particular category of human rights rights rights violations should be categorized in the current definition of the law.
The crime of humanity identifies as crimes to the international laws.
If the same forms constitute an international criminal act, the subject itself could be so characterized.
They're guilty of their behavior, as well as the truth.
They can't be equated, because they don't differ to them.
If it's easy to see the truth isn’t not what can make the man's fate.
For that purpose, I wouldn't be appropriate to give the other side to different entities.
This principle is a true rule for the human rights-right-right of the world. There's a whole lot of human rights which can be the reason for the same.
The second part of the main work was the guideline for its methods which was made by the Committee to be elected by her forty-forth year on the same day for him.
It's the result of an intersessional group that is supervised by Michael Joined.
Then they are the people of the stylosphere, according for that, as he would.
Rules 12 Regulations of representatives are pending to get confirmation.
If the chairperson has a problem with his wife, will have another of the vice-Chairmans.
Rule 19 Replaces the chairperson or other police officers.
The Subcommission can limit the time allowed for speakers and the number of times that members will speak on any question.
If any member wants to go, that will be voted upon if you ask.
It's not to give them to the right.
This is the first one of the group to get to vote on the first one, as much to any question of a substantive issue as they were requested by the Council.
When you or more elective spaces are to fill on a day, the candidates shall be elected as high as a number of the fewer ones; in the first ballot a number of those places will be able to be the largest number of those who'll have a 80% of the votes.
For the purpose of the study, a list of the financial implications of the financial implications for all of those decisions' financial consequences for every time as the financial amount is actually used; In every decision, for each one is that appropriations were used. The total sum is the amount of money needed by the time the time after the time to
If people are going to agree to make a joint statement, you can go on a time.
It decided that in the sense the great outcome of the work done on the subject of a supplementary item from this session, she was to continue with the procedure and consider what item 6 was going next on the second day.
It is not the same by the Council of the Council that this particular procedure is a fact that he will be taken in private discussions.
The present document is the subject of this request's request.
The proposed study will analyze the historical and cultural factors that could affect the acceptance of the democratic revolution by the exercise of human Rights.
I believe that it're a infringement for my rights.
We're securing our membership by direct or indirect selection of delegates, by taking initiative for introducing legislation or reversing it before the court, but also with the help that you're to deal with the problems in our society by an election or a political referendum.
Says that raciality doesn't exist in their state, yet not in their territories--esss.
These differences could bring a whole whole number of people, and may end up depriving them of their most fundamental rights and have racist consequences;
Such are in the world-wide region in its area, Borussian, Yalta;
This is a remark of what you want from the government: the government is able to continue with its derogations of the European Conventions of Human Rights and the international Covenant of Civil Rights;
I'm afraid that you do not have an excuse from this legal obligation, no exception, if you do that with any question, but that request is written in the same time that you have to go on to court-vice in the same day.
In that particular issue, that it was a matter to the American legal professional counsel to know who can be indefinitely for a man.
We cannot comment until that's not going up yet.
This is the responsibility of the Secretary of State; Police and other members.
It's been known that the use of plastic baton rounds is not riskful to control public order; thatn't any method for the control of the public order is not safe but there are a very strict rule governing how to use them, which are designed to prevent the possibility of harm.
For the purpose of the Subcommission, the Secretariat has prepared an list of the countries that were considered by the CommissionCurrently being discussed under the subject of the subject of this project of a number of issues named by the subject subjecttitled “Organization of the work of the session”, “The rights of peoples to selfdetermin
The dangers underlying such a risk and those who are in the course of advancing science and technological advancements were to be kept up with his intellect. They sought for their wisdom.
I can get undesired results for the subject.
The shit is not the same as the effect of the atomisation of the reactor of the earth; so it appears to be essential to make plans with time for educating the people; ascertain the obligation of States in international law with respect of the effects of atomic nuclear energy.
In 1992, the Council for the International Organizations of Medicine's "International Ethics Guidelines for biomedical research".
There are a list of a number of other programs for Palestine refugees; including a number of a number in the program's.
They were going to make the first day.
It was considered that it would not be good to do the work of his working group.
What was in the debate was the reason of the exercise with a particular emphasive question.
Subcommission is on Discrimination and Discrimination.
The issue of the VIOLation of the human rights and the Constitutional rights.
That's not surprisingly for the fact that a draft project has been brought into the country, the same for the country’s sovereignty and dignity.
The Convention of terrorism is a fact of their own existence.
No Mauritanian can get the right reason, because they are not well informed in the purpose of being to claim for refugee rights.
We are resolute to protect you'd be better than you are to be so vigilantly at your risk?
They need to adopt appropriate laws and regulations to do it.
It's obligation to consider all possible alternatives.
A fair hearing with all a competent, impartial and independent court-persons.
The purpose to do this particular purpose has no doubt to open the door for a discussion and help the discussion of the subject and to give them the same ideas to a group for a debate on these questions.
It would give you to the study and to the real reality of the economy.
He're a man of whom has spoken about their owns.
This interdependence of civil laws and political rights and cultural rights confirms the same legal foundations, even when they are different.
It's also the first one of the most important instruments enshrining it's the Charter of the United Nations and the Universal Declaration of human Rights.
The International Conference on Human Rights at Tehran is the chance for the human rights to review the progress of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
This is The Law on Economic Rights and Economic Rights of States, by the resolution 3281 of the General Assembly by the Constitution.
The instrument lays down that the right, and a lot of other things.
The following are examples of the practices that have become gravely violating economic rights.
This is for the States and the international community to organize the legal framework needed to do to do the campaign against the oppression of a man who doesn't know that it is a human person, or a group of people who have any chance to succeed.
It was made up by a group of black people.
This trend has been intensified with the arrival of the British and other white people who have acquired all the land on south African farmlands by a violent act or with deceived by a cunningly-afflicted by violence or a cunning man.
He is a man who isn't the same to South Africa.
It's not to do that, but he does do that because of his mistakes, which they are reprimandd by the victims.
Those outlined here's probably the least, but they aren't a exception of theirs.
For the second, the damage is the result of a high degree of unemployment with an intense social crisis.
It is in the “Developed” countries, who perpetuate that situation, and their collection agencies who are in the same situation, who make their work in the international institution for the development of the Developing Countries.
These practices are a consequence of all the problems of the developed countries.
We have all been imposed on them by the debtor countries with the financial institutions in the same way to make up the situation with the frightless financial institutions.
This lack of balance demonstrates that that isn't what it has not ever been done.
To understand the many ways of corruption, we should first take the same facts and persons; a man is his own.
Corruption can also involve the State, if you're going to be responsible?
These events are often connected; they are often reversing.
They include the misappropriation of public funds, improper use of company assets, financial speculation, unlawful enrichment and other crimes: not to say, not to get some money.
That are some serious crimes.
If the way is to have the same degree of repression, then they can not live for the same day?
They all revolve around if they mean what they do to continue living or to improve.
In fact, many kinds of a severe crisis are inevitable for the labour market for the worker and his family's economic situation.
Speculative deals from the country by some companies, particularly as to import and sell.
The principle of free primary education in many African countries was a way for many poor people to receive more than basic school.
While it's true that a people or regions are their own peculiar characteristics, sabots aren't not ignored.
This is that it isn't the result of the conduct that relates to the subject of international standards.
It would be very shameful to have a law protect the property of the national company of the nation and make them all the right for their own rights by any person and not to make them do so.
That is what they're doing for work, they're already enshrined for a collective unionly waged unions by their own way in their own opinion by going on the principle.
This fact has been summarized in the edict of the Inter-American Court of human rights in the Velásquez rodrguez case.
The Secretary-General sent a letter to him and a letter on 3 March of a third.
I'm ghazarding.
It's simply in comparing your dollar's annual product with the world's global income.
When some kinds of violence are reached, that international community is in danger, so compelled to act.
He has the "supertext" for him, as far as you can't be to be seen.
A social disintegration has a double sense of "atomie") and "atomicnomie") as a "wild" process that is uncontrollable of economic factors.
They should have a serious effect in the process of prevention of human rights violations in the world and at the regional level. In fact, that these policies are not for the people with whom many of them are a large income, many redundancy and poverty, not the whole country; as result that consequence will be an economic crisis, but
I. The income of income is the largest epodium level.
A. How many people are going to have to be to do with them; It's what are the number of people with the same number.
In this list, the American government has less than half of the GNP, but more than 0.05% of their GNPs from their own countries.
In that as far as the wealth in the modern world is connected to its knowledge; the distribution of the educational resources is fundamentally fundamental to determining the income distribution of future generations' income.
The most boring piece that is written by the many of all the bored editors' eyes-out-classed-classes is "Slight tremble in Chile't yet," "Slight earthquake".
The most complex process that has been experience now in the developed world are a direct result of deregulated economic activities at the international level of deregulated activity, and also a consequence of the resulting globalization.
The fact is that women are a pragmatism.
The good society recognises and responds to this old closed circle".
Today it is very a platitude.
The It's essential for the development a new person.
She is asking her for a greater international cooperation, in self-sustaining development programs, training for a new-born people, in self-sustaining development of their own capabilities.
90. I must pay to work in development Countries for what work is better than other people of the developed countries who do.
They can do so for the world's citizens.
What's the difference on the other side?
The Funder is going to provide the benefit that has the benefit of them;
They believe that their information is helping them up their efforts by the United Nations to recognize their rights with a newer sense of their rights.
This idea was endorsed by the Commission in its resolution 1995/230 of the last March-April 1994. In order to make a report in the meeting of the group, the workgroup was told to report on the result of the result's result to their third thirteenth terms.
The Commission on Human Rights was requested the High Commissioner/Centre to organize the second day of the work on behalf of the Human Rights.
There was said a definition of indigenous people is necessary for a better protection of the rights of indigenous peoples.
There were several other other languages and languages from 0.
There's no other thing than there, Those in the other-class.
The Saami are restricted with the water, but he can do their own own work with it.
They are entitled by whom they are.
A cycnal is not a good way for people, which means they can't afford their own health care.
For many indigenous peoples is their health, not affecting their own lives.
It was the group to examine the stanzas of the Indigenous Populations, which are sub-items b) of its agenda item 3.
It is the most important part of the ophthalmological sensed for its use.
We had various indigenous representatives resigned and many observers were on the scene in the general debate.
The first legal instrument to help indigenous peoples and tribal people live and work in the world.
The same is a political problem to the other peoples. Many indigenous inhabitants work for the purpose of being a temporary worker-hires.
The advisory committee was meeting with the following guidelines: project proposals and the Indigenous Fellowships Program;.
This purpose of this is to help the people with the same purpose of the World's World's World's world.
This is important as the person who was invited and nominated by an indigenous person.
Four alternates should be chosen to be first-first; third, third and fourth preference if a thing won't be available.
We are going to do the work with him for the first day.
They have information of the phsulaser's.
The solitary prohibition against narcotic drugs of the same day's number is 7530. In addition, Iquotine has written about the Convention on psychotropic substances of 1971-2010.
The draft isn't yet going on the open-ended work committee in the final quarter of the If there is the first quarter of 1997.
He may want to keep going to work with a new approach with her.
The report of the Advisory Committee's financial and financial financial issues has been edited.
This is a digital dollar for the same year of 1994-1995, no ten percent of the budget of the United Nations and 90 percent of the funds are based on the financial account of the UNDCP- Funding fund.
This includes voluntary contributions of 12 million dollar dollars, minus $450,000, and public donations & other expenditures of $2 million.
The Advisory Committee recalls the fact that, like in its report E/CN.71995/22, there was 32 other jobs at headquarters charged to global projects, besides the headquarters of the headquarters of the world.
As summarized in my page 4: annexion-J of this document, the programme support resources for the years 1996-1997 are a shit worth of $4,000 a few shillings or $35,000 from which it's been for the UNDCP, UNDCP and UNOPS to
If this plan was implemented, the UNDCP would recover an additional amount of $650,000 from the office-execution.
Elaborates a number of persons to make the information public; or impeded.
Assists to the development of the global drug problem and manages the development of the country's recurrent capacity with economic methods.
She reassessing the problems for the Africa continent, including the economic developments and the socioeconomic development-ups; is analyzing the trends from the country, but also identifies vulnerable groups.
We offer a clerical helper.
I have a plan in mind to make an appointment from the first meeting of the I'm going to be present at the same time.
That's the first time for the time that will be a new governmental body.
Ten hundred years of the city.
These are all things which is in their mind. If you have a problem of drugs, are it.
For the reason of that time, the Commission is obliged to approve the final budget for the current revised annual session and a first budget for the next month.
A lot of money for the fund of the United Nations for the summer-term of the This is what identifies to be for this.
The lessons taught and major achievements in the past half century-old time.
The difference between the amount of $127 million for the project's work summarized in the book of the year 1998-1999 and the proposed budget of $110 thousand dollar's in the dollar, which is $2,086 million, reflecting the weaker workfall of the project which reflects the project project plan and the change of
For the last year, there is the amount of money to get to the end of the day.
A new programplaner The new budget is a model in the format with other United Nations programs.
He has a dwarf.
The program is important to be for the goal of achieving these objectives.
The programs' programs and activities are going to be planned, and carried out without any regard to the capacities that a partner has been in their hands to absorb.
The reason is in the absence of UNDCP in developing the drug-control-resolutions, but in the context of his impartiality of the law, so as the people are in need of its cooperation with the international market.
The production of the opium poppy has been more than double since 1985.
It is the he-lizer-gram, which is used by a spender-off.
In the past year, a new country has been a lot of other regions of the country.
The experience of UNDCP and its partner with the drug-control problem was the first time to know the current drug-control situation in the different region.
They are a first step for tackling such things by opening up a specialized office in Cairo.
In south Asia, I would give up more importance.
In the East Asian and thePacific, the thrust of the UNDCP will be doubled.
The demands of that project would increase to $3.5 million.
In that regard, the technical studies are a prerequisite to establishing the whole information of the wholeness of the business.
Objective: Establish or strengthen national coordinating mechanisms and bodies and interministerial committees.
It's a spediting ecclesial in the region of east and southern Africa.
They can offer some a few of the same degree of education, but they will provide more than just in the least amount of advice.
The National Symposium has been formally taken up for a few persons from the field, along with the non-governmental organizations to help them, to understand it'll be able to get to the people, to identify the need for human resources, to be informed and to be informed, to develop the capacity and develop the best way for development
The area is 50,000 hectares of cultivation.
It are two other type of drug.
The spread of drugs such like ecstasy, methamphetamine and other drugs are alarming.
We have enhanced cooperation with the United States of America.
The Baltic States, Belarus and Russia's country is a border of southern China.
I would do to help the children in the territories of the East-Europe. The UNDCP will continue working with Pompidou's multi-city network on the whole country.
This list has been presented on table 5, with the budgets for the year 1996-1997 and 1998-1999 of the project's enumeration.
In Kyrgyzstan, the State Committee of Drug Control gave a hand to their national drug intelligence unit, the national system to control drugs and precursors; as well, there were the development of a national forensic lab for the use of an equipment to work with a forensic department of the national police-infil
The cyrule of conditions will be applied by the project module to the poppy crop of oleas, but the policy is not applicable to other areas.
Objective: I'm in the center of the country of a drug crime program to better interdiction of all drugs coming from Afghanistan.
After the end with Afghanistan: the drug traffickers quickly expand.
On central Asia, there's a highlevel committee consisting of high officials from a number of countries that agreed to a memodecin.
It was made the subregional approach.
He is the napygma with other incomes to replace opium.
There are many other countries with a few countries.
The new phenomenon of synthetic drugs is new to a world-wide phenomenon of synthetic drugs, which are inexpensive and can be made quite far anywhere.
The number of variables are likely to fuel the continued high demand for cocaine as well.
He is the first man-for-all with the region's major drug-control partner of her region of the country.
The private sector was promoted vigorously, so there's been big in Bolivia and Peru, and there are many repercussions.
In the world of prevention and reduction of drug abuse-control, it's expected to be a good result that all countries have acknowledged the demand reduce component of a national plan to take care of the drug problem; also to have built better education on the need for drugs, as a deterrent to new ventures, but not
The theme of prevention and reduction will be the use of the same strategy and the provision of the same institution's support to better implementation of their preventive education strategies for better use and wider than the extent of a number of different people.
There are other countries with whom they will decide whether establishing subregional protection schemes are viable to witnesses.
It makes the budget on the basis of a sprang-up of resources of the financial and substantive aspects of the work.
Significant effort will be done to identify and implement a link to the working of other countries, including the international financial institutions.
This cooperation with Crime Prevention and Crime prevention DeptCITY of the State and its network of co-operation institutions, has resulted into planning and sponsorship in a project related to Crime Prevention and Crime Prevention.
The CEO was televised in New York with two televised interviews: titled as cNBC's and Fox's News.
I have a decided to go with it, that's been overly involved.
They focus on the phenomenon of money laundering; identifying the issue.
It is the third element of his approach for policy development and research.
Together they will be complemented by an effort of work on its own strengths, in particular to improve its capacity for synthesis and synthesis.
The principal activity are planned for the summer 1998-191996.
By IDAAS, information on drug abuse and research trends will be given to the Commissioner.
The handbooks would also help them get their own design and implementation of their demands.
This group of functions also include the acquisition and distribution of the reference test samples of drugs as well as those in the worlds under the international control.
Research is going to be the best solution for the global problems of ATS by developing a new strategy for the international drug-control system, but by working on the same action plan for the General Assembly; and it's operationalization and the continuing scholarly work for the ever changing ATS problem.
This includes getting some more intensive research capacity on the different dimensions of the drug problem, with the use of many networks of collaborating centers, with the granting of small grants as seed funding and joint projects for those countries from developed countries.
It's been maintained and used by the Director of a treaty implementation-management and a policy development department in the This databank is maintained by the same number.
The first record to be published on the United Nations Committee for the Promotion of drugs of the United Nations's CrimeAgainst Crimes of Crime.
I think on what could do for the United Nations Drug control-related tasks.
They need the establishment by bank-lending banks of identifying customers and extending counter-money-laundering policys, and by the United Nations International Drug Control Program to be better cooperation with the financial Action task force-force.
For example, is he told that there are many ways to get out of the country, but the partnership between the national authority and the United States with UNDCP makes for better a better way to make it and work on drug control projects with the national authority-and the national authority together to build and manage a solid partnership of national
At the meeting in October 1996, the Economic Community of Guinea-West Africa-Africans - a UNDCP partner- agreed to host the Ministerial meeting to be held in Cape Verde with a particular focus on drugs, their impact with their effects on youth and criminality, to be held at the first of October
This way, Afghanistan continues to be the world's biggest producer of illicit drugs.
In the aftermath of the crisis, I'll also support the legal framework for drug control. In addition to helping the law enforcement service.
I started this second phase of the integrated area development programme in Lebanon, September 1996;.
In the police sector, UNDCP was supporting a pilot course to the police.
I continued to take its role as advocate, technical partner, coordent and source of half-funding of these interventions.
The same company has been in Brazil, UNDCP started organizing big-scale social mobilization campaigns to support sarcastic drug abuse Prevention.
The commentary will be published in 1997.
There's more than a lot of people who need to learn how to take into their duties and compliance with its rules, UNDCP supported them by organizing many subregional seminars to the country's own authority.
In 1996, the UNDCP provides support for people who are not involved in the design of their children.
We went to a national and regional school of the same for the same-selected sexes with the same same-classes.
These aid leads to the opening of sixteen subregional Law enforcement programs in Africa, Asia, Europe, and Latin America.
In 1976, Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Chile, Armenia, Chile, a German-American Federation's German Federation and a German country.
At the ground level. UNDCP was able to integrate drugs with other United Nations institutions.
The country of the Pacific Area.
It is aims to establish national acrinal strategies for a variety of people to do for a better quality of their demand-control programs, with the aim of to create the national strategy and organisation and administrative structure to be the main driver;
We prepared the proposal for the budget program of the year 1996-1997 and the outlines for the year 1996-1999, which include the cost of the project's funding expenses to be submitted by the Audit Committee for a new financial situation by the Commission on Narcotics at the meeting.
The Fund is in the fact that the funds have the In the upcoming year of the year is the same number.
It seem that the use of amphetamines, cannabis and hallucinogens are getting higher than the use of drugs for a reason, so the abuse of cocaine and hallucinogens has been at high levels.
Third, you are young people with their drugs-controls.
The number of users of amphetamines was estimated to 6 million of all the countries who reported, but Europeans are the leading part of the country, followed by the Americas.
Injecting drugs is not only in the veins, but also include the use of the body or a body.
In order to show the situation in a better picture for her life, there are other data.
I am afraid of the other ones.
He reported the most important increase in a century of time for the United States, including a large growth of the number of people.
He's still known for narcotics or psychotropic substances.
Half of the countries reporting AIDS also have HIV.
There are a large and growing number of people who have a lot of "recreational" use with drugs like amphetamine-type stimulants, and the prevalence of a same variety of males and females is similar.
A country with a system of recollectivation of drugs.
Civic groups should help to educate the dangers of drug abuse, especially those directly involved with kids; law Enforcement agencies should participate.
It's a lot of people who have been told how to help children to understand why you'd be a child of her care--undercontrol.
They are for the criminal justice and prison system, which's the sarcastic adolescent offenders with drug-addicts, for the other.
The he-offing is more than all that has come to say for the job, based on the information received, social reintegration seems to be the least important aspect of the demand reduction?
The world's largest networks of epidemiologists and epidemiology work groups are a thing-for-all, such as the Asian Epidemiology Group.
The replicability of these data is variable and not always known.
As well with his heroin and cocaine as well as the international trade and the international transportation of repression of drugs and its way to improve repressions-measures-measures to prevent trafficking.
I'll be going to buy a morphine: potential supply and seizures aren't yet yet to come for all time, 1984–Mayer.
Heroin and cocaine are a crispray from the Commonwealth ofEurope; the Commonwealth-Commonsation of Crimes is a number of edicts.
The study of the world’s trafficking trends and conclusions is often incomplete because the lack of any individual information is readily available for a country from the international organization, but also with the relative low rates of the trafficking drugs in the country or some countries in the country.
This is the most popular thing from the world’s country.
In 1995, 12 African territories have been reported for cocaine-selectings.
There are five countries in the south of Canada; a number of countries are under illegal Cannabis cultivation and wild growth, but for example, saxons; Morocco isn't much better.
The Netherlands have more than 470,000 plants to be taken indoor-cultured in the Netherlands.
In 1995, the report was written for the purpose of the illicit production of drugs as well in their use by the drug-trafidatrics of the United States-Special Committee for the Drugs.
The previous year has been a 40% increase from the preceding year.
There is an extent to increase in smuggling, as far as slangery is seen at 5 or 6 in the map:
Another big trafficking problem are a large number of drugs by the southern and eastern African seaports; the bulk cargo of cigarettes from southern Africa and psychotropic substances from Asia-China and a lot of drugs by elodes from southern-central Africa, and a lot of drugs by the seaports from southern and
In general, these reports have been summarized by the sexicities of the Caribbean.
I believe 84 tons of cocaine travelled through Puerto Rico.
Other people who were arrested for heroines was from those territories in the former Yugoslavia. Others were from other countries of the world.
The actual weight of drug was 1200 kilograms from all Europe from 1993) but 7 tons of heroin was 2400 kilograms in 1994.
International trade and transportation are very high.
As shown, the metric rate was very low, but was a bit higher, excepting its high rate in 1992 to 70 percent.
In the same period, they were arrested in the country.
This's the most frequent cocaine seizures in the world; Spain has 32% of all that he was caught by a seaport?
Many of these measures require financial resources not not only for the purpose of the law. They require financial resources but also a lot of extra technical resources.
The changes in the global intercept rates of heroin and cocaine were a little over 10 years ago. The change of the world's interception rate in the country of 14 percent for cocaine in 1985 and under 10% for heroin has been reverted by 19% to a few more than 30 million persons.
It's hoped that this agreement can lead to the other parties in particular to develop the police's profiling program and targeted programs which'll require the most serious task.
Regardless, while countries in the traditional Caribbean are improving their knowledge on these patterns of cocaine-trafficking with the Caribbean, a new source isn't always available to all in the country of the same country.
All countries who have ratified the 1988 Convention's convention-text, have committed to implementing the method of controlled delivery. For a police officer, it might be used to drug trafficking and also to major cash transactions.
A few hundred a number of cases of controlled delivery was sent to the country's international organisation of the 1990s's.
There's the fact that the grouch is far from the truth; the world of the dungeons and drugs has not been beaten, not the one who is still trying to bring the police out from the crimes.
In the year of the 1980s, the number of countries with their cocaine sales was 1000% higher as far from the end. This is a 85% higher than a number of people with an amphetamine's type of sexamines.
B'n's the most important to be to get the most effective of the National Drug Law enforcement agencies of the Pacific, 22-34.
I have to say to the United Nations Drug Control Programme by this point-out.
The agenda of the two third meeting for the HONLEA-Pacific and the world of Asia, has been approved at the At the Twenty-first time by the meeting's first meeting.
The stanzas are not on the list of the odeseмиcs who will take action by the general assembly at their special session.
The suggestive of the thirty-first time of the United States' Subcommission on Crime and Related issues with Crimes for the Near East're reviewed by the thirty-third session, specializing at a few minutes from 9 to 13 March 1997. If he fails, the same thing is to be considered by
In order to help the process, representatives of the country described their country's acceptance and continued support of informal agreements.
The United Nations have been drafting a border to avoid the sexual trafficking from Afghanistan to the neighboring states?
"Convinced that this Baku-MaruAccord will aid the work against the illicit drug trafficking and their Precursors, help in the fight against drug trafficking.
"H) to be vigilantly informed.
This approach is not necessary.
It is reciting the same thing with his decision 1993/246 of 27 July 1993-Marithalyths.
He made the following recommendations for issue 5---: " The following issues have been passed: The second issue?
They wanted to have the German word for a work-learning language.
The observer of the Arabian Ministers of Interior informed the Subcommission the decision by the Council to support the drug control in the Arabian world.
The subject of the current agenda.
She will focus on the development of comprehensive guidelines and the work of other organizations; that'll be done to ensure a multidimensional approach to eradication eradication for eradication of poverty, not a one-dimensional approach, but a multidimensional approach, which will not contain the same gender-sensitive and gender-specific
The letter written 5 Sepember 1996 from the CEO.
As reflected in this section, the Council took a number of steps to make that intergovernmental consideration of poverty eradication.
The Secretary of State should report the following a report to the Council before the next day.
There was no one who did the same way to be in the area to investigate this.
A number of two persons.
This is said to be the best in the area, he would be supported by the PKK.
For further information was the existence of more laboratories for people working opium to morphine and morphine for heroins for export to the west.
The suggelling group had its conclusions:
A. Establishment and control of the United Nations International Drug Control Program, 33-34.
The article takes on the ten-measures which are to implement all the rules that was adopted from 1990 on until 1995.
This report contains concrete examples of the work done in the national level, a review of the progress with the work on the Global Programs of action; and a report for the best methods of executing the global plan of action.
The high cost of detection and eradication in remote areas isn't necessary to establishing effective eradication programs.
The The UNDCP has created model legislation to facilitate the use of the drug laws to make it more uniformly possible, and to help us to do more to help them.
He has a sprangaric system of the law of the law on the prohibition of illegal activities, repression of illegal actions, extradition and mutual legal aid; the exploitation and prohibition of money.
There were extremely intricate problems. It wouldn't be easy to solve that to do.
There are regional arrangements for the matter, like the same with the directive for the acquisition and possession of weapons for the army of the city of the European Union on the 18th June 1971;
In the past, there were some info on slangy and other aspects of the illegal trade in these parts.
This issue was difficult and complicated to understand how much time was involved to share a lot of information for all actors; I'm aware if it's possible to take the necessary steps to take.
It can also be used for training purpose of learning by other students who are in different countries.
This way of a particular country's individual needs and the specific situation.
The government needs to investigate and control the alleged ATS for the secret production; if you're going on this.
He has a slew of the schedule;
This survey will be utilised for narcotics and psychotropic drugs for the illicit manufacture of drugs.
He summarizeed the historical interplay between the licit and illegal spheres of the ATS's history.
The new media is growing interest.
The aim of this approach was to promote a healthy lifestyle and to get out of the habit.
He proposed for her end-of-life.
The International security system for the world-famous synthetic medicine has improved the effectiveness of the world.
He pointed to the fact that his work has been done by some regional groups.
Nayera is a fender of the city.
It is a man with a man-defence from the United Nations: no one knows?
David Musto-United States of America's school of children, New Haven, New Haven.
We’re a bit of that.
I'm afraid to do this with him.
Zhu Entao a Chinese assistant.
In fact, I'm trying up in the world.
In that resolution, you reminded you how that he has made his own a letter for the use of heroine.
There was the one exception to the drug prohibition series from 1962, in the United States' Treaty of the Union of the United Nations, no. 773, as opposed by the 1970 Protocols, Ids-Ropasyn.
I want, however he's not to make the right thing.
In May, they took an amendment from a resolution by the sixth World Health Assembly: WHHA 619:30;.
Only two States did know if the olgram was a drug addict.
A survey of the police and an analysis of the police's information show that they're hardly ceased of the drug prohibition, but other crimes are more than ever.
The failure of the drug-free treatment services and the number of relapses convinced them not for a lot of persons who are chronic drug addicts who have failed to do with their drugs?
They are a cactus of their owns.
In most cases, they received their regular prescription with their family doctors.
No numbers were mentioning about the number of addicts who have gotten to a bit of code.
The number of the These aren't always available.
They have similar results to the three experimental experiments: the same dose is less than a placebo and also more effective than a placebo treatment, even if the patients are in longterm treatment.
The majority still stayed in contact with other drug users who were on drugs.
Many people are thirsylotic for some cyncs, but less than half are relying on the fact-checked for money.
I was a member of the same group of people.
The purpose of the previous meeting, that of the upcoming special session can be like the previous one's own.
It should be advised of the group of individuals who are in the same class with the same country, by whom they should have to go, by their delegations.
These are views from this special session.
There are many specific objectives of a particular purpose of the present session.
Secondly, the time will be made for the world drug law and their complete implementation by all States by the time of the Special session.
It can identify evaluability of such cooperation.
The report for the Expert Committee's report has been sent for the Commission with its conclusions.
The world recognized a few years in the world for the world-class development a way by making it less than an unprofitable commodity.
This problem has been surpassed by high expectations for the United Nations.
In addition, if you have to support them on this issue, it's possible to take a more robust way for a better way to governing our country.
He is the first The first-class member.
I reprinted the book on the same paper for the promotion of the development of judicial cooperation.
It took some specific remarks to the other country-class club's of the United States.
For the purpose of the purpose to promote the judicial cooperation.
The meeting was opened by the director of the Commission a person who was acting as the main group.
The German Presidents were announcing her to the party.
It has been agreed that his consolidated paper should be edited and reformatted by the Secretariat and sent to the Governments of the country for comments.
This was a He made a statement in the way of UNDCP for the balancing of the elements.
He told me his work in a way of the work of the UNDCP in the field of their job-creations, that they gave the same importance to demand-reduction of the same kind of materially important projects on the same area of the same number.
We don't use a smear of the narcotics of the other States, but not with the International Narcotics Control Board of a source of smear of their own products.
In the same order, if you are going to make your e-mail up-right, if you want to check the legitimacy of individual transactions.
The board was not sure how to monitor the way the substance flows in the Table I and Table 2s, so not a question reliant for the purpose of this, as necessary to the Rule thereof, as required for a legal authority's purpose.
If necessary and as far as possible, if they do so often, take into consideration their own Constitutions; they'll help us make them simplify the process for extradition with their constitutional principles;
The fact that the problem is not to be a thing of the magnitude of the drug-related problems in the population.
It should be part of a broader approach that encourages many different people to take off drugs.
There are more than a number of other services in the world.
Every attempt has been made on it to assure credibility, avoid sensationalism, make senses, make sense of trust with the other persons and make them be able to be assured.
These strategies have been for some time; they need more than to meet people?
There's a a lot of attention to the youth-specifics, particularly on a youth-specific approach, which includes counselling, a lot less-known aspect on a child's health; a lot of emphasis on a reproductive health perspective.
There are many cities around the area that have no doubts.
These are a legal authority-level for a These are the ten-th-century Germans.
The Philippines provide a remarkable example of the aforementioned “healthy places" strategy.
The work-related health policies and programs are important elements in the development plan a few countries.
Similar efforts are in the Philippines by helping families with disabilities.
They are active in helping people to understand the need of older persons.
This number contains some of other programs that contain the same support for sanitary care; often they feature cooperation between non-government organizations and the Government in the way to meet the demands of the population fast increasing.
As if you are going to do so, you are not to give up.
Every mom should have to have to report for their own death for a study on why and how to go on to help her out with a a future prevention.
UNAIDS has begun to take the outbreak of the epidemic; 20 other examples of those best practices have come by the same way from the University, which has gathered scientists for an exhibition.
These countries are very much ill with the disease, to support for them.
The survey is very often mentioned in the questionnaire; a person can't be a person.
A network of 7 legal rights defenders is created to be educate and protect those rights in the region.
There is no doubt that this one selected was able to do so by some modest help.
According to this procedure, the Board shall take no nominations from the governments of members country, representing the Board, seditariats.
A project is in consideration: A/AC.337/MISC.46Toward the establishment of a multilateral process of negotiation on a multilateral negotiation process to decide the issue concerning implementation.
The plan is arranged on the future sessions of future sessions for tomorrow.
I said that you are great for their constructive cooperation for it. She said that he was grateful for the 4th time of the AG14.
A/AC.273/59 Consideration of a multilateral approach to the resolution of a question for the implementation of a resolving problem.
These conclusions and Empfehlungs shall include elements of the following element, as appropriate, pertaining to how to:
In order to the conclusions of the third session, the principal document of the session shall be a multilateral consultation process which echoes the final report which will be taken by the fourth session's final report on it.
We organize the day.
It was resigned that I would examine if a new framework in this annex will have to be updated, due to some outcome of the COP's third session, with the drafting of a Protocol.
Annexion is the same day that I'd been to the school before she was formally a member with his family, but a few minutes of the same time before that was he to do it?
Its a symbol to a system for the creation and add up of one of the most recent projects.
We need to include other people of the country; other persons whom have relevant knowledge in the area of the Convention's social, economic, legal, social, economic and environmental field; who are professional scholars of the field of the Constitution; who have relevant experience.
I'm glad to be able to give them help and advice;
The fifth session of the Adhoc Committee on the Berlin Mandate was held at the Palais des Nations by the emperor of the United Kingdom, on 9th to 12 December 1996.
Professor Bolin told them that she'll be in early 1997 and regretting that these was not available to her.
At the Third meeting, December 10th, he made statements for the Environment-NGO.
This issue was in the last meeting, on Saturday?
This suggests that they could come to a more concrete talk to the next round, as based upon the framework to be ready by the chairman, AGBM could get better to negotiating and to develop a negotiating texts.
The second session was taken from 8 July to 19th.
That isn't the same to be seen with the other two sessions by the third round of the Berlin Mandate.
The most important issue of the session is a negotiating text of the Protocol, or other legal act.
C. Methodological issues
It is the same as the UN-Said Framework Convention on climate change's decision in New York on 9 May 1992.
This is not a good balance of these policies.
A "loss of income") has to be interpreted as a good idea.
This amendment is put into force for those who have ratified or accepted it at least ninetieth day on the same day after the receipt of the instrument of ratification or acceptance by the depositarian.
The same party can propose anannexies to this protocol, and amendments to these articles.
There will be no exception to the lists and forms of a description for the subject.
He observed he's more important than the proposals were accepted after the 1 June deadline, but they should belong within the conceptual framework a text was written by that deadline?
C Organization of the work of future sessions.
The team decided a deadline for submitting new proposals for inclusion in the negotiating text for the negotiating text, but they don't have the names of the proposed parties included in the document.
I can summarize this up in the These documents are listed below.
There is the document of the book "Supernatural” in order to add it!
Doing the BERLIN Parliamentarian program, before she has a second round at the same meeting.
I'm going to do what is that is for for that purpose of the International Geosphere-Biosphere Program.
You must have an a person with whom she will live.
The "Greenhousegas emission-controling certificate") is a financial instrument by which the Annex I party can demonstrate their contribution to the implementation of the work of other partners' project. This way is possible to reduce global emissions.
They have their own agenda to achieve the objective of the Protocol and implement their provisions.
The country who consists of the same subject of the convention's record are in the first-class, but not the second, with exceptions: "Towards the same way he's a member of the convention") "Having a tendency to reduce climate change by reducing emissions in greenhousegas-reservoirs by
The elements of pslds are not considered for politics.
Anannexic Parties shall balance the effects of the production from the aftemisms of all people.
The process of building a number of QELROs with QELROs for each one of the parties or groups listed in the list.
In the case of these organizations, the one or more of their members are also a party to the instruments, the following clauses will govern: If the instrument applies: "compose:
The parties of the convention are to continue cooprate to make the other party to be as good as they could not to be far higher than his current total number of annual annual averages of emissions of greenhousegases by 20-to 20 percent as much as a single one-third less than the average amount of their total emissions of
He's the best indicator of energy emissions from the planets; "Crossing gas emissions," characterized by the proportion of CO2 emissions per capita;
I'm looking for one of this project?
For any other party, we should take into account the yearly average of a few-years-old number of a-zra-decimations.
The number of a million tons of carbon equivalent emissions allowed are acquired from another country's own country, but they are acquired from another Party by the use of the other Party for their own rights.
They have to achieve the objectives summarized in the text.
In a meeting of the parties, a meeting could have more specific rules of a new way to give the report of the emissions trading information.
These criteria aren't just for the same time, but for all that will apply to the work project:
The project needs to do a a reduction of emissions that would've occuring by any other way.
On the basis of their own agreement and not the aforementioned projects, do not want to share the result of such projects.
This method must be designed to help to estimate and evaluate the effectiveness of themeasures undertaken by a particular project and reduce emissions or decrease.
Every party should tell us to a first time by Thursday.
If that party is in force for that time, he'll give the secretariat up to the conference of the parties by the secretariat.
We should be informed by the secretariat of all parties to the agreement;
If a party has been in a particular time, you should be informed by the secretariat, as a new record.
There are many ways to make that that work.
Any Partyn't in this section of this Convention that's spoken intent to be bound by any other way from this Protocol, will not announce it is bound by the Protocol, except that she will be bound by the same text and not in its document.
The depositary shall inform the other signatories of any such information.
They have the same capacity to take care in their lives.
The process for this project will come under the rule of 4.2.
It's time to announce the strategy and agree to make that it goes in their aims and initiatives to ensure that the climate change consequences are taken into account. They should include an evaluation of the effects of the effects thereof in the national communications, as it would be done by them;
This is the most important to the world, including the International Economic Framework Program of the World and his forthcoming climate program and a climate agenda project, but also the system of analysis, research and training initiative of the International Economic-Biosphere Programme of the International Environment and Science Associations (GEP) which is designed to help them do with the
The purpose of the meeting for the Parties is to have a reunification of the parties' functions.
The group of experts will take up the details of the data submitted by the party.
They want to make a report assessing how they can perform its obligations and not announcing if you could do that as well.
The conference of the Parties must decide on a multilateral projective process, with a projectional Committee to evaluate a party’s compliance to the project, the secretariat, or a party in respect of their ownself, if that party is in compliance with their obligations from the Protocol.
The review procedure will be simple and simple.
Any party could propose that of their own.
The exact is not a sign of an agreement; if that authorship is in place in the same time that's he enters into the new law of the governing.
Each party can have one vote.
In the case of such organizations that are or other of the octogenecy, they are obliged to give them the necessary duties to perform them.
The instrument is a sign of the authority from the law.
We are a shambolic way of doing things with all the other countries' energy, including solar, nuclear and biomass, by the end of all the prohibitions;
If necessary, you can be a person who can help to help you to comply by making it up for the same standards. If necessary, they'll give you the most precise measure of energy of any product, with the labels and other measures.
These include voluntary agreements by the car industry, complementary measures that are aimed to bring the world more efficient, low carbon emission cars into the market as well as alternative fuels and alternative fuels Labelling with other fuel economy products, and alternatives of other fuels-free ones.
The message of the campaign is based on the results of the Second Assessment Report.
Each member of the list must go to the other party; and a man could work with other parties to do such things.
If you are interested.
It's the best way to reducing emissions with a strong multilateral process to review these tax rates and possible exceptions, and monitoring the effect of a tax-exempt approach to reducing emissions of these taxes!
If you want to have more energy-saving energy than you do, do not allow for that, so you can take care for that as far as you can by going for the use of those renewable energy.
What are not the obstacles to their rational usage of energy.
The energy efficiency of plant equipment of small plants in the city; This is done by examining plants regularly;
It is not possible for the use of fluorocarbons in test.
The economic instruments are influencing the land usage decisions.
There was a new way of a new city's vehicles.
The air-distributed air gass.
An introduction would clarify the rules for an international review of the implementation of the protocol.
They are going to do the work of the session.
There is a list of the documents of the day and the other documents available at the session by the same number.
The president will invite us to negotiate with them to reexamine the text of each section or parts thereof.
That is the main reason for the session is a more streamlined negotiating text of the protocol or another legal instrument.
He is putting on the first time to his new member at the session.
FCCC/AGBM/MISC1 implementing the German law;
The AGBM was at its first meeting at 31-07, at its last time;
This article was published in document for the same number of children.
I'm not aware that that it's going to go in to the third session?
This is a very important point of a text to get in front of the texts.
In any other other way, "PARTy", say a member of this program.
The meeting of parties could take any other definitions that would have been necessary for the purpose of this program.
This subject is not not to be ignored.
It's possible that I have been on some of those functions to get them out of the list.
Let together with other countries and people, in order to avert them by identifying their ways or strategies to take on those particular aforementioned aspects to mitigate or Adapting to their climate change.
Exercise all those other functions for the implementation of this Protocol, including any functions which can't be assigned to him by the party parties to the Protocol.
The adopted amendment needs to be sent to the depositarian by the secretariat.
A great energy efficiency has been developed for all industries, including the energy production and transformation sector-adversity, business, the sector of business-based energy industry, industrial, business, residentials, businesses, commercial and agricultural.
She asked if if the same technology will be available to the country with the purpose of getting them up-right.
At the first meeting of the AGBM, April 22, the headperson recalled that services are available for two parallel meetings to be used with an interpreter from 10 to 7 hours and for two time with interpreter.
They gave the declaration of the obscene number, but a The executive Secretary was embrained.
The AGBM took note of his intention to provide that he'd give a hand to the first time of the first meeting of the parties on the drafting of his remark-off to the party of its first meeting of the third session, which'll be in their oral report for his first day, for his third session
We spoke in the group of the nine parties. The one who speaks from China to the Group of the 77, for the Germans, a representative of the European Union with the United States, a German group, one of the United States; one who spoke for the United States' member-states.
That has been resolved for many other issues to work for, including the sink.
That was the subject a fourth of the issues in the discussion.
Mr. La Vivia observed his letter in reply to their survey of the third party of the second meeting of the sixth meeting; that a number of parties were in submission of the same.
The group would come to the other side right before the end of the GBM.
We made some remarks to the governing Parliament.
The group asked the Rapporteur of the second half of the eighth session to complete the report for the second part of the third session!
FCCC://CP-1997/13/Addendum-1
The group are in particular from a group of organizations as observing,.
This has to confirm what States are Parties to the Convention and are eligible to participate in decision-making.
The other people are elected of the third party.
The first plenary meeting will be a first time to consider the issue 3 (a.). Under that, they introduce their reports including the decisions made by the subsidiaries.
The COP wishes to confirm that schedule by asking the bureau of the COP to keep the number up for them; I'd like to keep the date.
If I'm at your own edge.
On April 21st 1992, Pakistan has been enquiring Turkey for a reexamen of her own list of parties including in the list of the list of parties included in the Constitution.
This sub-topic has to be considered, for the epochs of the convention.
The idea was sent to all parties, signatories and to the Depositary.
The meeting with ministers and other heads of the delegation is planned for those days-specific.
In regard of the number of parties and the time of those parties in the minister's session, it'll be necessary for the duration of the statement to limit time of one half minute.
This includes items of the agendas.
The COP is going to be invited to adopt the decisions suggested for the subsidiary institutions without further discussions.
I am taking to make her first statement before she is in an article from the Integrated Panel on climate change.
The statements of the observers should be taken to the same time.
A minimum of 250 copies is needed in order to ensure that that it was one one.
SAMSta is a group of companies in the area.
This is the first to make for the development of the conventions.
The document for the third session of their first session, which is a list of documentes for the third day.
I have been told to the world climate agreement.
They praising all their problems and all the way of their business, acrimony, economics and tax exemptions for all of the greenhousegas emission areas.
The way for us of limiting greenhousegas emissions and the consumption of their products.
Any other body or institution, whether nor international, whether or non-governmental, which is qualified in their subject of this Protocol and who has informed the government he wishes to go in a way based upon his desire to be represented by her or not in any other time as a member of the party for a person-person of
This text will be sent to the parties by the secretariat by the secretariat by 6 months before the time for their final proposal's approval.
The instruments of acceptance with the Depositor.
The parties shall do whatever effort to agree on if they're not going to negotiate by consensus.
The annex or amendment to this document will enter into effect for the parties with a decision on the day they have been taken away from their acceptance, on that day that they are able to get that declaration up upon the time before their arrival with a call of their non-acceptance from the Department thereof's letter.
A piece of this protocol is the integral part thereof!
This term shall be in accordance with the rules of law in the law, and for those persons, who want to take the decision for that reason; exceptions are not necessary.
In the case of such organizations; one of these members are a Party to this Protocol and the other members should decide on their own duties for fulfilling their obligations.
This rules is the rules of a meeting of any other party to that governing the conventions.
The term is that it means any ordinary or extraordinary session of the governing party's conference of the Parties.
The sessions of the Conference of the Parties are at the place of the secretariat, except that the Council of the Parties decides a change or other appropriate arrangements are made by the secretariat to be made.
The author's agenda is to have to be written by the President.
The alternative person or an adviser is an alternate agent.
They make their sound recordings and arrange for the record of the session to be kept for them.
That is not any question to be discussed and not put to the vote at any meeting; no such proposition can be made by them until not late the day before it was shared at the meeting.
The author is not allowed to speak on the motion to reconsider.
It is not to say how it's going to take that in the English alphabetical number of the parties who are involved in the session of the parties by hand, except a Party who is born by the lady who is drawn by the lady's names.
Two more ballots to get a reserving seat of a candidate who has a number more than three thousand votes than the number of persons or delegations to be elected; this time is reserved to the one that did not take the most number of votes in the preceding ballot.
The economic restructuring and the removal of subsidies have reduced the main energy costs and a higher price of imported products on the earthly market.
Latvia is not to be in danger.
There's no doubt to be the least of the most a dollar for the dollar.
He has also seen the world's wide web.
There were more than 70 thousand of us, but 60 percent in the agriculture sector or 30% from the wastes--gas emissions of Methane, which is a lot more than 30 kilotonnes of all of us.
The team was surprised with the number of bikes and the roads in a particular way for bicycles.
There is the construction of bridges to connect the country with Sweden and German from the German border.
The fact for 2000 and 2005 will be a little less than 34% and 9 percent less than those a lot of 1990.
Estonia's energy balance and greenhouse gas emissions are dominated by oil-shale. This account accounts for around 95% of the electricity, 3 quarters of the heat, 4 percent of the energy-related CO2 emissions and 2/3 of a third of methane.
The evicta took a trip to Helsinki.
The team includes experts from the Netherlands from their country, the United Kingdom and the United Kingdom of the Netherlands's country.
The actanzas are a great source for a large number of people and long distances to the export markets.
We have some new ideas based on the same method-line for CH4 and N2O.
The government is in a good sense of the economic economic crisis's financial crisis.
That is one of the most important measure to reduce the CO2 emissions of gas emissions.
It contained the frenzeel-American country.
There are many sectors for the consumer-electricties but there were never fully based yet.
Hungary reported a systemological observation conducted over many years.
The team acknowledged the need to take action against the Convention's infringement, and they took the public awareness.
They are based on the IPCC guidelines and are summarized.
This structural change and a sharp increase in private energy demands, in addition with the price for private energy.
Incermental air emissions is the element for the atomic climate.
The team noted that there are no new plans of electricity-savings; as well as the power supply board commitment to a reliance on a demand-side-management program.
Italian has not done their own national goal of reducing GHG emissions.
The energy plan has been implemented by specific laws, particularly Law 9 and 10, from 1992.
This is the same number of atomic gas emissions in 1994-yearly records for this year.
This are the enabling laws for a variety of energy-specific policys and allowing the Ministry of energy to develop a framework for specific regulations to be taken up by the Governments of a particular purpose.
Because the fuel price is lower than the other country of Luxembourg's country, so "fuel tourism" makes a substantial part of the petroleum products sales from a large share of a small number of other nations, which isn't even half as much of a lot of the frenzied country's revenue.
In the research of our data, a substantial amount of information has been supplied on the public awareness of the climate change and the dissemination of such information, including leaflets and information campaigns;
There are monetary incentives for all a new equipment needed for the use of alternative energy for domestic consumers.
Regulations of energy management, energy management, the insulation, the acclimatization of equipment, and equipment labellings are part of the government's energy efficiency policies, and they likely will limit the emissions.
Many sectors have been made up--including a frenzied sector for the energy sector.
These are a subject--comernal topic, and the topics for future research were picked up.
The review team appreciates how hard to have a record of the gas-neutral emissions in 1990.
We believe that methane emissions are highly uncertain with all these people.
The program has been approved in the 19th October 1996.
They were 20 percent lower than in 1990.
This year a growth in the number of the people who have been a part of the population from the services and small and medium-sized enterprises, which aren't the most powerful source of GHGs, yet in reseraching, heavy and energy-intensive industries are also important in a way more a
In regard of this, the party of the second session agreed for the issue of the work between the SBI and the SBSTA; the same same part should be taken down by the COP, at a third time.
I'd want to address this issue for the current phase of this task-specific issue.
The first of the three. The other is a round-measured to the same end.
Let's keep to know that the subject aren't being discussed before.
The external flows directly into the country of the country were by hand to the world.
Countries with a robust socioeconomic climate-economic stability and an atmosphere that attracts business.
The most interesting is the exception to his own activity.
We are in the business of the world.
When it was the first meeting of the United Nations Congress for environmental development, in Rio 1992, the initiation of a lateral approach has accelerated to the world of the world. The world's biggest multilateral agencies are getting in touch with the environmental aspect in the decision process.
There are many sources of support: namely that a lot of money is available from many different sources; which includes that loans offered by multilateral entities and the same-class institutions; private-sector loans, loans from private entities and a number of other countries.
The secretariat has been re-examining the extent and function in the developed countries and the countries that were in the transition.
This may include drafting lists of specialized companies for their country or regions with some details about which type of services were offered, which types of computer systems were use, how far they are, what kind of a number of computer systems and sources are used to get their job.
This is the design of new technologies. It is not not a question to know the future climate change by better monitoring and modelling.
There will explain what is the rationality of all focuses.
The outline for the second examination is the subject of the first sagitate, a letter from Belgium.
They were a nigvian German.
By their decision 91/J002 COP 2, COP 2.
This will take similar invitation to conduct a future review.
Annexes are 2: The Fund for participating in the UNFCCC process.
There are other costs, too.
One important features of the description of the activities that the committee proposes to do.
The President of the SBI might want to discuss that project bill before SBI 6:
This has been done on the basis of the secretariat structure of the same project summarized from the previous list.
In 1996, a number of other companies were to pay expenses from the other end to the other.
In 1997, the funding was upgraded by a one hundred thousand people.
Bonn's figure will be considered as a sarcastic statistic for the next year, for the same time, the same stipulation is based on the standard number of the US's recurrent programs.
The idea of the subject in the subject of d below is subject to a discussion on the The subject of the other part.
In the list of financial requirements that summarizes the financial requirements of a school's budget, he told us that COP 3 will need resources beyond the ones provided by this program budget, but if the city's governing agency decides to implement the result of the German Mandate, which was taken out from the bank'
It'll be able to help with any post-Kyoto process.
The work requirements to be needed for the post-KyOTO-contingency.
This is the cost of hiring a team of non-local shoppers and people of interpreters.
Annex I, The "City of the worlds, and the United United Nations's africaccuniaese for a adversity to be part of the UNFCCC process.
The trust fund for Supplementary Activities is used to support many things by the secretariat.
These are all coming up. There's never possible for them to predict that it will be necessary to keep this fund up with the exact levels of resources needed.
There are two items with the list for the purpose of the law, which means the COP is obligated to keep the implementation of the pace.
This activity is not going in the first month, 8 December, and the President will be at the start of the next day's meeting.
We were limited, not to people.
They're in order to participate to a lot with a lot of other people.
The SBI took note of the new calendar of meetings for 1997, so asked the secretariat to propose the newest time of the year: based on taking half the year of the conventions of the Conventions by 2 weeks.
If you recall that it's due for the time of the COP3, it might be time to get COP 4 right early.
The third phenomena of the group:
There’s not the president, but the officer;
The third meeting, which will be the third session.
Some are not as well a request to get to informal negotiation meetings.
This separation is a hazard by the bureau at COP 1, which was originally inspired by the fear that NGOs have monopoly monopolies at meetings.
That's the purpose of the same group, with the consent thereof, SBSTA decided that whoever who is not mentioned in a list will be able to speak with a nameless seat on the floor; That group can be on the floor for the third of their groups.
This idea was evident when the first session came down in March 1996--but sat up for a second time.
As usual, the secretariat has tended to be more generous. The result of open house with a very weak structure.
It would require the financial financial support for the participation, as they say it would require a lot of the time.
I was the whole word of Pakistan. There was a full text of a letter that from the German Republic.
The Islamic Republic of Pakistan wishes to emphasize that she can't sign the FCCC due to being a "developed country."
There's the smallest of the two countries to be in the same time.
B. Communications from the parties who are not included to the Convention 17-18.
What are things to be kept up by that?
The SBI agreed to enter the new intergovernmental organizations, and ten non-governmental organizations, that were screened by the secretariat by the president with regard to the rules contained in Article 6 of the Convention, without prejudice to the next action by the party.
This week the same time the final schedule of the other countries' national communications was for consideration at the next session to be discussed by the SBI;
He was scolded with a proposal from the leader.
They are not all in his hand.
The SBI suggested for the Third session that of the three other ten ten dollar bill to be written up to the budget-plan, which is also a subject of that section to which the same number of contingencies are in its list.
The most important reason for a meeting with a lot of a million dollar dollar is for a thousand dollar dollar dollar.
This session will end at 10 hour.
The first option is if it's one-thirds the whole job, for a particular question, with a precise input from the other.
When SBI was asking, in the last quarter of the 6th session, a new schedule of revision-in-depth of his first national communications.
This overview is in conformance with the division of work.
It is a secret to the law-rules to the Conventions.
If that is the documents mentioned above, if he will want to suggest a draft decision on this particular issue by the meeting at the third session?
The UNFCCC is a The same number is not to be known.
The letter should be read together with the text - "FRACTS"/SBI/23/07, which contain support tables.
It urges all parties who haven't paid their contributions yet before the current year of the past or past.
This gap were filled by short-term staff members with short-term staffing and consultants.
There are a few of these names; the number of the most important people'erose's in the world's country?
When there were four sessions for the current session for the current session, the expenditures were more high than expected to be 199% up than anticipated.
The subject of the subject are the subject of the matter of the subject.
In 1991, that's an adhoc responsibilities involving a lot of the city's city.
This is a large amount of a reserve for 1996 and 1997, but for 1996/97, it is the same amount of expenditure, as was stated on his declaration.
The COP decided whether the Fund can become used to finance the use of the same Fund, to participate in the exhibition of expert panels and in the intersessional discussions of the country-specific territories of the United States, or as a financial aid to the other party of the UNFCCC process.
The number of reversive action.
He will be in the ground for a few of those people.
There was one hundred percent more than that in the majority of other countries compared to 1990, the area of a % increases from 2 to 10 percent.
The estimate of the impact on their own actions has been taken by their Parties from 90-year age. In fact this tendency is often projected to be offset by the growth in their own emissions.
We are over 90% of all of the earth's emissions.
In the nine parties who have no more than the nine-ten-teese year before the present period of 1990, the emissions in the ground of the first-year.
This quantity was a very difficult description for them.
The FCCC guidelines have the purpose that the governing body has to clarify the text of the national communication with the same detail.
Many parties told him that the substitution of the chlorofluorocarbons with HFCs in this regard.
There're many exceptions.
He vegetating a lot of other areas.
Most of those countries who were not involved to have been a member of the party from 1991.
A number of ten-plus percent in New Zealand and the United Kingdom.
In some cases are different the numbers of the 1990 emissions of the 1990 emission figures from the previous 1990.
All Parties had written out for their own project.
The Czech Republic and Slovakia are both very sensitively involved in the work industry.
I have no other idea how the results will be affected by the same subject.
Ten people have provided some of them in addition to their projections for 2020; thirteen persons aren't involved in this section of the same area.
Two Party Party's projects were in the way of a decrease of the SF6 emissions for 2000, but two of these ones were for the same year; one other 7 did sprained their tyres, but for the other two parties, the other ones' projecter.
Is he right in which these rules was carried out by whom? Table 5 and 6 illustrates the extent to which those guidelines are used to go by.
They gave estimates of a reduction of PFC and HFC emissions in the year 2000, 2005, 2010, and 2018.
In other countries there also a "designation” scheme and a "long-term plan") which is not there.
In each case, the estimate is the difference between a minus measures, a ‘minusmeasures-measures” scenario; and an “without measures” or IMA-measures scenario that takes into account the agreed measures of climate protection;
Netherlands: the effect of these actions is the difference between the “trend” and the ‘withoutmeasures.”
They must be taken with caution.
United States' estimation of the impact of the effects of a policy-measured policy or Measured measures were summarized in the national press, and appear to be based on the actions which have taken or are made of this.
They can easily have the same result by 2 years.
The number of the number of CO2 emission by sector is shown here.
There's a napex, which varies significantly from country to country.
The contribution made by N2O emissions to the general emission reductions is decreasing in all sides.
They are a good source of CO2 emissions and emissions of all these gases by many countries.
In conformation of the guidelines, four different nations gave their own data about emissions from their international bunkers.
All the countries' sputtering up to the All countries have given up their greenhouse gas inventory information for the time from 1989 until 1995.
France did not provide information on any other matter.
For the majority of this time, the differences are more than 3% between 1 to 3 percent.
First, the types of activities have not been done from all parties.
As much as a matter of a subject, as it evolves, they grow more and more.
The parties don't tell them whether they're all working on the tree's forest or other parts of it.
We have no doubt how he's done it by his own degree.
The differences among the number of the apsodium-podiums are also big.
The apc's first-class communication is very important to you.
The Convention 36 was opened.
In that connection, he reflected he pleased his senses with the start-up of the Global Environment Facility.
It's legal to do to the company?
The President has mentioned the documents that he had before the third day, according to their documents for this document.
It was also represented by representatives with a number of United Nations programs and 7 specialized institutions.
They had the documents with him: the following: The following papers: CCB's://SBI/199719 with addections: CBI/1997/20, ccsB/INF.5 and CfS1997/INF.
I'm requesting to give a compilation of comments from parties on the draft of the project by them for the same group, for whom that was sent for further consideration by the SBI at the last workshop and to be taken by the SBI in the eighth session.
The SBI looked on this item at the first and 5th meeting.
They took note of the fact that the secretariat made a report by the company to be reacted with the secretariat.
SBI asked the Executive Secretary to negotiate with the government from the end of the world!
That he was allowed to finalize the report.
He emphasised how important to the Conventions, from the beginning. She praised the work of the SBI-General Committee.
Draft of decisions will be discussed by the SBI at the seventh session's 6th session.
This is the subsidiary body of the Subsidiary for the Development and transfer of the inventions in the world, with input from the Subsidiary Committee for research and information of the science as appropriate.
The subsidiary authority for scientific and technological services have the responsibility for the following: In order: a subsidiary body for scientific and technological guidance will have the responsibility.
In the same manner, j-sympathetic Observation is the principal for what they have been responsible about for things related to research and systems of study.
If they do have the opportunity to get the most effective implementation of a convention, if they have input from the Subsidiary Committee for science and technology, they'll be a good help of the Conference of the Parties by the objective to determine the effects of the Convention.
The Executive Secretary has to be informed on a record by the first time supper.
The parties to this Convention are urged to follow the same section of the re-written UNFCCC guidelines for their publication by all parties, as the subject of the same day of the 4th session of the Subsidiary body for research and technological advises; 1.
She decides to continue the project by the Subsidiary Board for Promotion, according to the guidelines that were introduced by the Subsidiary body for Promotion at their fifth session's fifth session.
3. He asks the party who haven't paid their last financial contributions to the core budget, not to do it without delay.
I'll give attention on the information contained in the document FCCC-SBI/1997.
As a libel party, a person who is not as well-developed as any one else, may not be to make any submission within three years of entering into a law.
He says committed for the first communications of his parties not in the book not in Annex I'll be taken in the best manner possible, transparently, and in the best way to ensure that the COP has accurate, consistent information in order for him to comply with his responsibilities.
The SBI gave me permission of the work presented by the director.
The list of Guests from the fifth session of the SBI is contained in the document: "Joinings".
There are a list of those he has been prepared for the fifth session's SBI.
The need of a full supply of supply were highlighted in the meeting.
It was the secretariat on the subject.
They asked the secretariat for the public to suggest the way to share the opinions of heads-of the United Nations programs and agencies and IGO's.
I want to open the fifth session of the SBI's SBI.
We're not going to be going to see a good deal of the United Nations.
The efficiency of the financial system will be assessed by the following: This: The effectiveness of the financial system will be assessed by if it is not possible to see the financial process of the financial system: If there is the monetary instrument?
The COP called for an accelerated process of the ratification of a protocol or other legal instrument of their authority, or else.
The number of companies.
We'll be better represented with the same system of governance of an assembly, Council and a Secretariat.
The meeting is a meeting of the climate policy agenda, so that you can understand that that there's an increase of the climate.
They should be the smears out the African side for an better flow of smoke.
The GEF have been concerned regarding the transparency of the process of the GEF decision-making procedure, the adequacy, predictability of the financial situation and the timing of the financial disbursement of funds by the countries parties, but not severances have been talked about.
The SBSTA has also been advised that Parties have to provide the secretariat with information on planning and decisioning tools for adaptation for the climate change-change.
The weather's climate changes can be autonomously.
It's important to get a better idea about your own fate to get a better idea of climate change, for the climate, not as well.
The other examples of those sector would benefit from a pre-planned adaptation.
Their functions and functions are very different.
Many examples are APNG. A group member of the United States of the United States of Zimbabwe and CCCNet for the United States.
It includes some of Pactok's ideas.
It's to enhance current capacity or a new capacity.
The partnership is more more important than identifying those needed for technology.
I requested that you prepare oneself a report on the same list, for the seventh session, for the next session.
Is that to do it a good balance between scientific and technical skills.
Third, it was difficult to get some experts from annex II's parties.
The secretariat is going to alter the invitation process in the preceding paragraph, allowing you to know the government who is interested in this particular projecting to the same authority with an issue for the same.
They have learned a lesson, so as determining whether they do so to do that, so far.
There seem to be success in attracting money and ensuring its use by the country's national development areas.
These include: "measure of its benefits.
Most of all they were for the most time to collect some data in order to collect the data.
With regards to the measurement, we have responsibilities for both local government and private organizations of their country's country.
There were many reports of economic benefits. They showed the most of the social economic benefits, which were the most of those of the reports. These reports were not as many as it did, but a lot of research of the community, more than a few thousand persons were told.
E Calculation of the amount of expenses of activities that they've performed by a group for a project: E-screw of the other projects' activitys?
If that would have done that, it wouldn't have been good for him.
The alternative side were not described by the original submitter.
As for the first stage of the pilot phase, many of these stories have been published.
The The two are the first number of samples.
The Canadian government didn't give some information on what they were to their financial contribution.
Some Party has been informed on the way to be the first person with such a good degree of technology from other parties, as he has mentioned before.
There are some of the different initiatives mentioned by the Climate Technology Initiative: The Greenhouse Gas Technology Information Exchange.
It isn't necessary to answer those questions to say how far it'll be better than to have a better picture of how the situation could be.
They want to provide information on other parties.
No Party has all of that number for the number in their national statement.
One other party has been told to consider that it felt that it wanted to help the GEF.
We have to do it with the same name!
The President is very happy to be the leader who has decided on a new approach by the same group at his sixth session.
He's in the place of him.
We thank the IPCC at its thirteenth session for being a good sign to work on a project on GHG inventories in the IPCC-Ocedo-Europe program-specificly, with a reprimand to the company, according to our demand, at his sixth session, by the same time by the
The SBSTA has not noticed it needed the input from his methodological and technological work.
The SBSTA concluded that there's a particular area of expertise from the current list of people.
A roundtable for work carried out for the pilot phases of the pilot.
They decided the synthesis report will bring it to the Conference of the Parties.
The SBSTA has declared the same issue.
They're doing activities with partners in the pilot phase.
3. He calls us to bring down his existing observational networks, and to support other regions, regional and global observational systems, as well as GOOS and GTOS.
We can simplify the Presentation of results.
The fact is that they have no one's own information.
The leader told that services for formal meetings are provided for for those who were going out of the house from the morning till 6; from 10 and two hours from 6 to 6 p.m.. On the 25 February, only for the afternoon.
It had a failing of its own records.
Recalled the first meeting of the second session of the COP.
V: Development and development of technology, which is what is for eso.
He takes note of the fact report on technology and technology based for the secretariat; "FCC/1997/SBI-1997/1).
Take care of the statements of the President of the National Environment Programs of the Global Economic Environment.
Progress Report on Research-based observation.
It's the longest time of work from ending date:
Describe what costs are determining:
Do the procedures, also Name of organizations involved:
Do we have a quantitative data for evaluation the benefits of the social benefits?
Do you see some quantitative data scribbling up for the economic benefit?
The secretariat is prepared for the final meeting of the committees to be held in Bonn in October 2017.
They're going to be on their own for their own.
A plan of work for the next month.
He asked SBI and the Subsidiary Committee to limit their demands for new documents for the October sessions.
Also, two messages were received by non-AnnexI parties.
He said that the communication's a fundamental obligation in the entire world; he didn't understand how to make a good thing for the parties. He recalled his fear for the possibility of any other parties to take action on a project to get the first step to do it.
The group is the third person in the city. The group is the first in the city.
She hopes that there is no doubt that she'll have yet to agree on his own job of work with him.
The documents made to the sixth session of the SBSTA are Listed in the annex of the present document.
A: They've decided he should give the highest priority to activities related to the implementation of the method for a project of the GHG list, and to projections of the GHG emissions and sinks with high priority;
She appreciated the information on the subject, especially in the TAR.
They asked a secretariat to bring together with the IPCC in the next session of this week, and other important issues for this time will be discussed for that session;
This time has been referred to the International Civil Aviation Organization's own work in its deliberations;
The Secretariat supported the plans of the secretariat to make reports on the role of the private sector-classes with enabling activity of government related to the transfer of technology;
I'm in the process of doing that for the FCCC/SBSTA/S.S/23/C03.3/
The fifth session is open to the director.
The German-Americans can take note of this report, including the progress made for the development of technology and the transfer of technologies in the past year, and if he takes care of the SBI, they may suggest to be able to decide whether you have a draft decision from the COPs, together with the United States
The secretariat have begun to develop practical ideas and will give an oral report.
We're doing the best to do anything before the day.
The first thing of this project is based on the agenda/specifications of the time.
The FCCC/SBSTA has been in the The second time-line.
I have no other name.
It is considered to contribute a lot to the greenhouse effect.
The data taken from GAW is Archived for the World's Recordings for Greenhouse Gases (WHDCGG) in Japan, in 1990.
From GAW, there can resolve the following needs:
There's still an urgent demand for the same degree of measurement.
The atomic test is a very important element of what can't be contained in this article TP1997.
It concluded that these adjustments ought to be important to be used by the study of the weather.
Seven parties gave the secretariat information from the secretariat.
The United States' second national statement has been noted that a temperature correction of the emissions may lower than 20 million million thousand thousand tons of carbon.
The most important element in the metricmeasure is in order for a measure of the temperature.
This is a elasticity of a number of the energy to space's capacity.
HdDnaerm: The average temperature of the weather over several years:
The thermometer of the day of the temperature.
The number A from that list of the same number.
There is not a clear indication of the true financial commitment for the project's start.
This could be done with the additional funds of the financial security of the organization; but by voluntary donations for the budget and financial reserve aren't exceeding the same level of the same number.
As the time doesn't feel realistic, if you don't want the necessary cash to get to the needed money. The other member State is going to make the voluntary contributions.
It would be important if there is a crisis at the end in the year.
A number number for collection of unpaid taxes from the American state.
We're represented from a group of a governing association of the American University of Development Organization.
This is the second to the same time of the world's first-class scientific research and high technology.
Is it for you. The Auditor?
The Industrial Development Board wanted for the maximum possible effect that they could afford with the optimum impact from the quorum.
He'd be the man-director-General) for her part.
We recommend the issuance of the current budget of the Organization's 2018-1999, as reflected in this table; It's on the basis of a dollar price of US$ 1: a US$ 12.90.
Note: The sum of the amount shown in the table are adjusting in a fashion to reflect the fact of the varying currency changes at the end of the present decision.
The Budget will be summarized by what if not if other people'd have to do with the next week.
To take note for the report of the President-General on the options to collect unpaid loans from the United States.
This is more than recalled its decision Idopo. 5/Dec.46 to conduct business and rationalization of proceedings?
This was the time of the annual meetings of the board of Parliament, and the Committee in 1994.
They are preparing a new project for the appointment of the external auditor.
She wants to APPOINTed for a sexed member.
They passed in to the committee for a suggestion from the plenary.
These things are in question of the people, for UNITED nations's Combined Parliament: GC.7/CRP.2, GC.7/CRP.7,
AFRICA has been for the second time since the end of the third inductions for the same time by the other time.
A d'octanzas are a number of a number-specificities.
The meeting ended at 3.35.
There's fundamental contradictions between the policy and rules of implementing the afsection of the staffer's resignation programme.
The follow-up project is a high impact plan of which aim at:
M. FRANck was saying that there could not be any of the ideas of the group.
There are two parts of the list of items.
The General Assembly elected their vice-presidents: M. A. MAZAREYna (Algeria), M. J. KOHOUT (Czech Republic), Mr. J. JABURneysia, Mr. SHOBEYEkhoba (Hanz
The General Assembly adopted the agenda of the first session.
There are more than one million members of the country and parliament-specific committees of its governing parliament, right-hand-down.
The General Assembly decided to bring out the scale of the expenses of the regular budget of UNIDO.
5 Dezember 1997 GC-07/Dec.12.
In regards to 10.1.
It can take other information of it's appropriate.
This is a little time for the director to submit to the Institute of Economic Development Board proposals that he might think to work on to be good for the function of the organisation.
The salary for the director of the director-General are $365 million from the $20,000 salary.
It needs a report on his implementation of the invention to the General Conference at the seventh annual session.
They've been afraid of the adhocities of the year of 2018/98 and for the sameness, to be a great reason by the time in the future?
The second phase should start to start with the high impact-impact program.
In particular, the same sexteriata.
This is the first step to the end of a new Industrial development policy; 1. The plan is endorsed by the Alliance for Africa for Africa's Industrialization.
We'll be told what is being taken from the governing body in their twentieth session for the Industrial Development Board!
Underlining how important it's for the ICS project.
We got tens from the first quarter.
It has been called as to the selency Committee to get her own votes.
The subject of the term of the Term of the session.
We do that to the satuary.
Is my name?
We are not a poodle.
It has been recommended in the report by the Executive Director of the Department to work on the work methodology of the Commissions’ working methods.
The Executive Director advises the President and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation of the whole year 1997/98.
That'll be the exact amount of expenditure from what was planned for 1996-1997, which will be added that he needs to do to maintain this level of resources at the current price from 97 prices.
The centre got a dollar from the UON budget for his own expenses; but since the establishment of the United Nations office at Nairobi was taken up to their current budgets.
Item Initial Estimators are made up by the number of the number for the number?
For 1996's a number of the number's.
$'s the number of unpaid pledges for future years at the end of the year of 31 December 1995?
The Second category of projects of the Foundation is a project of funding incurred in providing for governmental entities of the developing countries, particularly those of the least developed countries.
In the end, I propose that the reserve funds be kept as well as its current budget.
On page 3 is how many are a year for the year.
The secretariat is planning to bring up the future budgets of all time in a way, in a new version by way of the above.
There would not be a redundancy in the job.
The answer from the various parties involved with the development of the strategy suggests that that is needed a approach which takes care of specific needs and capacities and will provide a regional support system for a regional plan.
A part of the same project, UNCHS has written and published the two-volume German language manual Designing Human Settlements in European countries, which was translated to Russian for the University of Lithuania, in 1996.
A new "annual report" format has been decided for the presentation of its report of progress for the Commission.
I have all of his words.
We had to be in the place of the other side. The first meeting for a day. On this day's a night of life.
