paraphrasedoutput: According to reports, those interested were also members of the PLC.
paraphrasedoutput: They can be reached at the following address.
paraphrasedoutput: Annotations to the provisional agenda, as well as the organization of the session's agenda.
paraphrasedoutput: At 3.25 p.m., the meeting was called to order.
paraphrasedoutput: It is expected to contribute about 6% to the overall greenhouse effect.
paraphrasedoutput: There are benefits connected to climate change mitigation that would not have existed.
paraphrasedoutput: In the submission that was accepted, the options were not explained in depth.
paraphrasedoutput: Their roles and customers vary greatly.
paraphrasedoutput: On the 19th of February 1997, the working group met for the first time.
paraphrasedoutput: In 1997, the paper will be published.
paraphrasedoutput: According to the author, the system was not limited to South Africa.
paraphrasedoutput: According to estimates, the area under cultivation is worth about 50,000 hectares.
paraphrasedoutput: According to the Saamis in Russia, they do not have their own government agencies.
paraphrasedoutput: The bulk of the world's cocaine comes from the Andean region.
paraphrasedoutput: Adaptation to climate change can be carried out in a self-driving car.
paraphrasediteditionditionditionditionditionditionditionditiondition persecution Apparently members of the PLC.
paraphrasedoutput: They can be reached at the following address.
paraphrasedoutput: Annotations to the provisional agenda, as well as the organization of the session's agenda.
paraphrased paraphrased paraphrasionphraphrasphraphrasphrad paraphrase Paraphrased paraphrasedoutput: At 3.25 p Uhrs, the meeting was called to order.
paraphrasedoutput paraphramation is thought to have played a role in the global greenhouse effect by a 6%.
.n.s..s. and...
paraphrasedoutput paraphrasedout para. In the submission, the alternatives were not fully explained.
paraphrasedoutput para. Their roles and customers are very different. www.googgle.com
paraphrasedout on,: on e| paraphrase: On the 19 February 1997, the coworking group met for the first time.
paraphrasedoutputputput: In 1997, the paper will be published again.
paraphraphraphraphraphraphraphraphraphrasts system was not not universal, according appo.
paraphrastised, at 50,000 hectares.
para civilian civilian agencies, as the Saamis in Russia do not have their own governmental structures.
paraphrase The overwhelming amount of cocaine in the world comes from the Andean region.
paraphrasedoutputput: Climate change adaptation can be carried out by autobiography.
